,reviews
0,I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA. But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable. Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at home and making zoom calls all the time.
1,"Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours. Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution & bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications (With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there will be a fix soon"
2,"UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1 MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro - and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using ""swap memory"" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful. Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/A) - 2017 12"" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020 Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017 MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful when you have many GPU intensive ""Pro Apps"" running at the same time.I would never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or the dreaded beach ball ""not responding"" issues, or if you have non-Apple programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models, it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac."
3,"The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it with a new one."
4,"Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well."
5,"I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13"" and a 11, both with the previous form factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution) and this new 13"" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great!  2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and looks good with the thin black bezel.  I usually don't go above 50% brightness.- KEYBOARD is good.  Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.  Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is fantastic.  Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC), etc., it has been great.  Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.- LOOKS GREAT.  Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few years old by now) design, looks and feels great.  Form factor is nice and it is a reasonable weight.- NO FAN.  That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap.  Pretty amazing really for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE.  It works great so far on what I have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a laptop using Apple silicon for the first time.  For just day to day use and things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super smooth and fast.  Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it is the base model with 7-core GPU.  Also, things like start up are noticeably faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27"" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH ID is great still.  Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons.  On the other hand, it should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual and a real reason to get this MBA.  Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not really need Face ID if you have the watch).  You can easily send/receive files using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay.  And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still sucks.  Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams, etc.  Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27"" iMac FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS.  Sad that this thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging, DisplayPort).  Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port for other use, pretty lame.  I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH (Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g. Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery.  Easier to have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute, especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem.  Love it so far!"
6,No complains so far.  Very fast and performs great.  I had a 2014 MacBook Air and finally upgraded this year.  This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very happy with this upgrade.
7,"Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new Apple M1 chip.  A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this computer, I have have found several things of concern:1.  my notification center keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2.  my computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS devices (iPhone & iPad).  If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will appear on my mac but not vice versa.  Reminders will not sync regardless of which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET.  THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!"
8,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Bought this laptop bc i needed it for spring semester and i needed an upgrade from my heavy macbook pro. I go to work too so i needed something super light and thin i can just bring everywhere and slide it in my bag.I am obsessed with how fast this macbook is. The battery life is on point. I used it for movies and series at work and it lasted for 3 days. The processor is definitely sooo good. I open so many tabs at once and it has not lagged on me. The keyboard and trackpad is responsive.I love the color. The main reason why i bought this too. 😍😂I have no problems with it at all.Highly recommend"
9,Opened my brand new $1000++ computer and the entire screen was cracked and destroyed. Awesome! Thanks Amazon.
10,"I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13"" MacBook Pro to the 14"" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13"" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14"" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1"" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13"" model, but smaller than the 16"". I had a 16"" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14"" and 16"" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the ""form factor"" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the ""MacBook Pro"" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14"" and 16"" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13"" had the M1 chip and now my 14"" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13"" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27"" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13"" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14"" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max."
11,"I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this."
12,"M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about ""the notch"" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks ""sharp"" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks."
13,"I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?"
14,sent me base model
15,"I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connects"
16,"I never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it."
17,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!"
18,"This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the ""affordable"" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy."
19,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Sheeeese! What can I say? Apple has done it again 🤪😍 magnificent piece of device I must say."
20,"This is an unusually large advance over previous models, especially in raw computing power, but also in fun things like screen and headphone support.This Amazon listing has two different processors, the M1 Pro (listed as 16-Core GPU ""style"") and the M1 Max (32-Core GPU). I'll call one the Pro, the other the Max. I got the base Pro, but much of what I'll say applies to both, and I'll have some comments specifically about the Max too. (MBP below = MacBook Pro.)Amazon doesn't offer most of the options you can get, only the ones listed. For now (and probably later), that's the Pro with 16GB RAM and 512GB or 1TB SSD, or the Max with 32GB RAM and 1TB SSD. 3 versions total.Screen Brightness* and HappinessThis screen can get up to 1600 nits brightness and can sustain full-screen brightness up to 1000. That's very impressive, as MBPs since 2016 have topped out at 500.*But the vast majority of the time, this screen will also top out at 500, because those other numbers are only for HDR (high dynamic range, what Apple calls XDR), i.e. some videos and some photos viewed in some programs. If you're browsing the internet, using productivity apps, or the like, those are almost all SDR (standard dynamic range). You'll be seeing them at the same brightness as with MBPs for the last five years.That said, the new screen is beautiful and bright in both HDR and SDR for most situations. For HDR, it puts out more color and brightness, and darker blacks - a million-to-one contrast ratio - with a wider range of light and color that has more pop and more detail in shadows and highlights. It can be dazzling or just more realistic.For SDR, it's much like before, still a gorgeous screen, with better contrast than before because of darker blacks.Has more pixels per inch (254, up from 226), and more pixels all over (3456 by 2234, up from 3072 by 1920). The aspect ratio remains 16:10 (not counting the top menu bar).ProMotionProMotion is Apple's name for screen refresh rates that can go up to 120Hz, or lower to save processor/battery power when 120 isn't needed. This makes motion smoother, more natural.For now where ProMotion applies is limited. Most scrolling in browsing, including with Safari, still tops out at 60Hz. Which is fine for me, but it bothers some people, looks choppy to them. This could be changed with a software update.Bloom and GhostsBloom is when a bright spot on a dark background bleeds out past where it's supposed to be, a common issue with this kind of screen. I and most others think this screen handles it well (better than the iPad Pro), but it can still arise some.Ghosting is when a moving object leaves a noticeable trail of ghost images behind for a fraction of a second, one for each new frame until the old image fades. MBPs are notoriously mediocre at this kind of ghostbusting, and this screen is no exception. Expect the usual haunting, if you notice that kind of thing.PWMFor those concerned (you mostly know who you are), there is PWM (pulse-width modulation) on the smaller 14"" version of this screen, and so very likely on this one too, at a frequency of 14,880Hz at all brightness levels (measured by NotebookCheck). That's a very high frequency, considered well beyond what would cause trouble for the susceptible.The NotchAs you can see in the main photo here, there's a black Notch at the top of the screen. There are no pixels there. The long-desired improved camera is there, and a mic array and light sensor (and maybe room for a Face ID system if they decide to make MBPs with that). As with the iPhone Notch, it's controversial.You can make the Notch disappear, or rather blend in, if you make the background up there black. It also disappears into the black bars when you view things like videos in full-screen mode.The cursor disappears into the Notch if you put it there. If an app has menu items that stretch there, they disappear too, but they'll still function normally if you put the (invisible) cursor on them.Desperate times call for desperate measures. Most apps won't have this trouble, but if you must, you can avoid menu items disappearing by using the ""Scale to fit"" function, which shrinks the entire screen work area a little to fit below the Notch. Makes it look like an old 15"" if the background is black, like there are wide black bezels. (Google ""Scale to fit below built-in camera"" for full instructions and mockery.)There are also third-party apps, such as Bartender, to manage how items appear in the menu bar and keep them visible.Camera and MicsThe new camera that, along with the thinner bezels, makes the Notch necessary, is 1080p, with an f/2 lens for good exposure in the shadows. Video looks noticeably better than before, though it can have a processed look.The three mics sound very clean and natural but with a little less bass than before to my ears, which is fine.Extra ScreensYou can use two external monitors with the Pro, down from four with previous models. They can be up to 6K @60Hz with a billion colors. The Max can still use four: three 6K and one 4K, all @60Hz etc.You can use 4K @120/144Hz HDR monitors too.You can run two from one port if you use the right kind of dock or daisy-chain.Headphone OomphThe new headphone jack has more power for high-impedance headphones. It automatically adjusts, so it won't overwhelm low-impedance phones. If the headphones have less than 150 ohms impedance, they get 1.25 volts RMS. If more, 3 volts. That might cause it to fail to provide enough power to some not-so-high-impedance headphones that still require extra power, such as planars.With my 2016 15"" MBP, I've had to use a portable amp for my Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pros (250 ohm), but now I can pretty well do without it, though sometimes only just. The volume on some sources is still not always what I wish I could make it. But now I can nearly achieve hearing loss with the intro to the guitar riff in ""Money for Nothing."" Which also sounds good, and healthier, a couple notches down.Among other headphones that have tested favorably with the new jack are the DT 990 Pros (250 ohm), and the Sennheiser HD650, 660S, 6XX, and HD800 (150 to 300 ohm).One report says the planar Hifiman HE4XXs (35 ohm planar) sound good, but most planars tested are said to need more power. The Audeze LCD-2Cs are reported to sound good enough, though not their best. The LCD-3s and Hifiman Sundaras and Aryas are said to be underpowered.For my usual regular-impedance phones, Cleer Flow IIs (16 ohm), the wired volume is a little louder than before, though still not always the earsplitting barrage I want for some sources. Maybe for the best.Quality iems (in-ear monitors) that require especially clean input, but not too much, reportedly sound good, including Andromedas and Moondrop Starfields.SpeakersThey're improved from the already laptop-leading speakers from earlier MBPs, with a fuller sound and decent kick, amazingly good for when nothing with a 3"" woofer is around.Apple mysteriously says the 14"" M1 has the same speaker system, but looking inside both machines shows the speakers in the 16"" are bigger - both ""subs"" and tweeters - and located differently, with the subs in the front corners on this one. The 16"" has fuller bass (such as it is).Heat and NoiseThere isn't any.None with my typical use, at least. If you push it hard, it can get warm, but not as hot as my 2016 15"". Which makes sense, as this has a larger enclosure, bigger fans, larger, better heat sinks, and more power-efficient processors. The fans don't have to spin up as much to do the same amount of cooling, so it's noticeably quieter even when it does heat up, rarely makes any noise at all.The 16"" Max comes with a larger heat sink than the 16"" Pro, so likely runs a little cooler and quieter sometimes, though the Max might get hotter when it uses a lot of that extra power.KeyboardVery quiet, much like the older Mac laptop keyboards, not the butterfly ones from 2015-19, but the rest. Maybe less travel in the keys than some of those, but plenty for me.I miss the touch bar sliders for fine control of some functions, but you can still use sliders via the Control Center, the icon next to the date on the screen's top menu bar. That's also where control of the keyboard backlight is, no more control for it on the keyboard.TouchpadThe best available by far, responsive and large so you can carry the cursor over a large area with more control. For clicks, it's great. For taps, which I turn off, it's not as great, according to those who prefer that - appears to be a software issue.PortsThere's one less Thunderbolt/USB-C port than before, but 50% more bandwidth (3 controllers instead of 2).The HDMI is 2.0, can drive up to 4K HDR @60Hz.The SD card reader is shallow, so the cards stick out. There might be room for a flush micro-SD adapter. I only have cards up to 64GB, which work fine. Some people have had trouble reading some cards, so it may be finicky.Battery LifeI usually keep plugged in, but the reviews I've seen that cover battery life tests typically say it's the longest of any similar machine they've tested, including PCs. Reports of battery life for office work, browsing, watching videos, and so on generally range from 10 to 16 hours, sometimes more. It can go unusually long with heavy use too, 5 hours or more of video work, for example. Max Tech did 10 benchmark and stress tests with it in a couple hours, some maxing out the CPU or GPU for up to ten minutes, and it still had 36% left.At normal settings, there's no performance hit until you get down to 3%; until then you can process or game at full tilt. There's a low-power mode that extends battery life by limiting performance, lowering screen brightness, etc. The Max also has a high-power mode, but it seems to only ramp up the fans sooner to help cooling. Apple's description and tests in reviews indicate it doesn't affect performance in any direct way.The Max has tended to have a little less battery life than the Pro in reviews. The only good tests I've seen that compared directly either found negligible differences or up to 15% less battery life for the Max. (Other tests haven't been well controlled.)You can quick charge to 50% in a half-hour. The new power brick is 45% more powerful than before, and maybe 30% larger lengthwise, still small for what it does. You can charge at lower speed with smaller bricks (not included) via the USB-C ports.Size and WeightIt's noticeably heavier than before, about 5 ounces over the previous 16"", and not quite as sleek, but it's sleeker than I was expecting from the photos.RepairabilityHa ha! But really, it's better than it was. Battery modules now have pull tabs so they can be more easily replaced. The screen can be replaced more easily, but if Apple doesn't do it you lose True Tone (which I don't want anyway). The headphone, Thunderbolt and MagSafe ports can be replaced without replacing the logic board. Now rates a 4/10 from iFixit for repairability, up from 1/10 for the previous model.CompatibilityComes with Rosetta 2, which enables M1 Macs to use programs written for Intel Macs, and usually works very well.There's no more Boot Camp, so to run Windows or Windows programs you have to use third-party software like Parallels, which runs Windows by emulating a Windows machine (and requires a Windows license), or Crossover, which modifies Windows programs to run on Macs.  Which works best, or at all, depends on the program.GamingWoW *mostly* runs 50 to 120fps at high settings and resolution, depending on the location. Some places can't even manage 50 at those settings, though, but do OK at more compromised settings. Baldur's Gate 3, Diablo III, CS:GO and several others can run at 60-100fps or better at good settings.You can play Windows games via Parallels or Crossover. They generally don't run as well, but some do fine.Most games, including native ones, run quite a bit better on the Max, with up to 2x the fps. Final Fantasy XIV is hit and miss at good settings even with the Max.Gaming isn't usually hot or noisy, can get warmer with light fans for the games that aren't running natively. And there's no noticeable performance hit for gaming on battery.WorkI have to mention the less fun part: how well this does things you might have to do at work. It does almost all of it better than before, much of it way better. Here's how it compares according to actual test results from numerous sources with Xcode, Logic Pro, Lightroom, Blender, Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, and so on. The range of comparison depends on what the task is.Previous base MBP 16"" (Intel i7 AMD 5300): The Pro is 60% to several times faster.Previous top-spec'd MBP (i9 5600M): The Pro is about the same to 2 or 3 times faster.Regular M1 machines (not M1 Pro or Max): The Pro is about the same to several times faster.The 14"" M1 Pro with same specs: The same, though the 16"" has the bigger battery and heat removal system, so it fares better in those ways.Windows laptop work stations: This is complicated, but the Pro can thrash most Windows laptops in most intensive work-related apps. It lines up very roughly with machines with a good i7/i9 and an RTX 3070, but generally can't keep up with the RTX 3080. The Pro uses a fraction of the power, and so only produces a fraction of the heat and noise, if any. And lasts and performs much better on battery.Pro vs MaxThe Max is about the same to twice as fast as the Pro, mostly between those extremes. The CPU is much the same, but the GPU is double the cores, so the main advantage is in graphics-heavy work.Besides the GPU cores, the Max has twice the bandwidth for memory transfer, two hardware video encode engines instead of one, and some extra cooling capacity.If you're already successfully using a Mac laptop, you don't *need* the Max, since the Pro is already better than what you have. But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from the Max's extra power if you have the money. For intensive video editing, massive photo editing, or better gaming (though cheaper Windows machines will play most games better), the Max has real advantages.To confuse things a little more, Apple (but not Amazon currently) also offers a demi-Max with a 24-core GPU, halfway between the Pro's 16 and the Max's 32. It's a cheaper way to get the extra bandwidth, video encoder, and cooling advantages of the Max. Tests show that in graphics-intensive tasks it operates roughly midway between the Pro and 32-core Max, often more than half, as expected.WarrantiesThis comes with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects that includes free phone support for the first 90 days. If you want to also cover accidental damage (with deductibles) and extend the regular warranty and free tech support to 3 years, you can buy 

AppleCare+ from Amazon

   (link embedded) or Apple. You get 60 days from purchase to buy it, but coverage for accidents doesn't start until you do. (I always self-insure when I can, so I didn't get it.)DecalsLast and least, this comes with two black Apple decals, the sign of true professional Apple equipment."
21,Out of the box unusable for me. This MacBook Pro does not have any USB ports to be able to restore from a previous Mac back up that’s on an external drive. You must buy an adapter. Since I live in a remote area I’d have to order online and wait. You cannot even plug a iPhone12 Pro Max directly into it. The only ports it has are thunderbolt. So even Apple’s own lighting connector needs an adapter. The keyboard is a downgrade from the old keyboard. Solid black plastic instead of plastic keys surrounded by aluminum which were easier to see. Had to call Apple support to download an update because there is no reset option in the System Preferences of OS Monterey. And the update did not work to give it that option. Will have to figure out a different option to remove my account and information to return it. This particular MacBook is defective I believe.
22,I ordered the 2021 16 inch right away as I knew they would probably sell out fast. I had to make sure I had one for my trip I am leaving on soon.  As soon as I opened it the screen would never come on.  Thought maybe it needed charging so I tried that.  Still nothing but a black screen.  It kept making the sound when you open it up even when it was closed over and over again.  I took it to the local Apple Store hoping I could get some answers.  They tired to get it to work and could not either.  They said it is very strange and maybe something happened to it during shipping.  They said since it is brand new it would be best to get my money back from Amazon.  I thought maybe I could just exchange it before my trip but the one I ordered is out of stock.  I will try the 14 inch and see if I like it compared to the size of the 16 inch since it is in stock.  This is a first MacBook Pro I have ever purchased and now I am a bit nervous.
23,"Here are the temperature results for the new cool MacBooks compared to the old overheating intel ones. 91 degrees for the old one near the processor, and 74 degrees on the new ones. Both had been running for hours transferring files nonstop. Amazing. I have been editing video, transferring large files and not once have the fans kicked on. Makes me want to cry."
24,"Finally, this 2021 MacBook Pro cured my depression!"
25,Arrived DOA - wouldn’t start up. Spent hours on the phone with Apple support and still wouldn’t start. Returned - c’mon man!
26,"This laptop is unbelievably fast. Between the screen, battery life, and performance, this laptop is head and shoulders better than any competition."
27,My first ever MacBook. Switched over from PC and I can't believe I didn't switch sooner! On the pricer side but I'm super happy with my purchase!
28,"I have been using my MacBook Pro from 2014 for work until last week when I finally purchased this MacBook Pro. My old MacBook starts up and works as fast as the day I bought it. The only reason I bought a new MacBook was because the battery life was getting low. I probably could have just bought a new battery and it would have been fine.That being said, I did hold out for this MacBook because Apple brought back the ports that I needed. I use the HDMI and SD ports daily. An Ethernet port would have been nice but that’s asking too much. This MacBook has a 2 day battery life and is blazing fast. I use Adobe programs and this MacBook doesn’t even blink when I do live editing. Best laptop I have ever used.I own a business that uses many PC laptops and a couple MacBooks. A PC will never last as long as a MacBook. And, a PC ALWAYS gets slower after 6 months of use. The price is high but you can buy a new PC every 2 years or a MacBook every 7 years."
29,"Coming from a 2019 16in, I feel that this generation is 2 steps forwards, 1 step back.Pros:-Fans are never audible even under full extended load!  This was my #1 issue with my 2019 mac which would have constant fan noise with 2 monitors.-2x battery life-Better screen especially in dark environment or a dark subject-Extremely fast for certain workloads such as video editing and code compilation.-magsafe is back (although I personally don't care for it)-most apps work normally with rosetta emulation, but may have some stutter.Cons:-thicker and SIGNIFICANTLY heavier.-Screen has a notch which is very distracting for me.-Still has some compatibility issues.-Terrible for games.  Only a few titles are supported natively.  I only tested league of legends(uses rosetta emulator), but it was choppy and 1/3 the fps of my 2019 intel macbook.- +$300 base price even though they got rid of intel.-The area I feel apple has made a major misstep is with ports.  I couldn't care less for SD card or HDMI, but everyone who buys this is going to need USB-A.  It's ridiculous that I still have to bring a dongle everywhere just to use my mouse but these ports I never/rarely use are back.Also some developer related tools/libraries aren't working.C# debugger is totally unsupported for example.  Anything that requires gpu hardware acceleration (pytorch) is unlikely to ever be supported in any usable form.  Linux dual boot is unsupported or in early experimental stages.  I also had issues building/running java projects natively, but no issues with rosetta.If you're looking to buy this for an undergrad program, it's probably workable.  However, I'd suggest saving some $ and getting a used mac or windows machine.  Professional devs will be aware of their specific requirements, but I suspect many will need to keep a secondary x86 machine for the foreseeable future."
30,"Was very iffy about buying refurbished but it’s honestly like new! There are a couple of LITTLE scratches but nothing noticeable! Compared to my friends MacBook Air that she paid 1100$ for and they are the absolute same. Best $500 I’ve ever spent. & the company is AWESOME! The charger didn’t work as soon as I got it & I emailed them. Within an hour I had an email from them and they were sending me a new charger, thankful my friend had her charger that I used until I received mine but the battery last like 2-3 days so it wasn’t that bad."
31,"Seller: IT5050Wowie! My son wanted an Apple Computer for Christmas and I was not about to spend $1000+ on a laptop for a 11-year-old boy. But a refurbished MacBook was definitely priced more appropriate for him. This computer is AMAZING people!!! Looks so clean and new. Only a couple faint scratches on the bottom, the keyboard looks like it was hardly touched, screen is clear and no burn marks in it, plus the battery is great. The seller was so awesome to get me this gift in time for Christmas, they are quick to respond to emails and followed up to make sure it was delivered afterward. (seriously, the nicest people!) I had purchased another renewed MacBook from another seller, and their level of quality wasn’t as good, by far. I wish I could pre-select a quality grade for the laptop (excellent, good, fair, etc.), so it is a little scary just leaving it up to the unknown. I work in the retail business and I like to applaud small companies who sell quality products. Do yourself a favor and go here, they gave me a laptop that is stellar and eased my worries about a refurbished laptop. It really looks so good and is operating perfectly. This is such a smarter way to buy a computer, especially for kids, or if you like to have the pricier brands without spending the high price. – Happy Mommy!"
32,"Wow! Bought this from TECHarvard and was claimed to be Certified Refurbished, which according to the Amazon description should show limited to no signs of wear.  Well the device that I received not only was pretty scratched on the bottom, had a huge ding on the corner of the top cover, but the keyboard showed more signs of wear than the MacBook that I've had for 5 years(Space bar was completely warped).  Definitely does not resemble a new device in any way shape or form.  If they are selling used devices, call them used and mark the price down accordingly.  This is definitely going back."
33,"Overall the laptop is nice. A couple of marks on the outside but works relatively well. There was an issue with the battery that originally came with it. It would shut off around 65% battery life. I asked the seller for a replacement battery, which they gave to me free of charge. However, the replacement battery is not originally an Apple battery and instead a knock off. This issue prompted it to restart randomly no matter what the battery life was at. I’m putting the original battery back in and having Apple replace it with the appropriate battery for an additional fee. I got what a paid for and I won’t make the mistake of buying a refurbished Apple product from anywhere other than the Apple store again."
34,This is the BEST purchase I’ve ever made! The laptop 💻 arrived on time and in MINT condition. It functions beautifully and works flawlessly for my personal and business needs. I would recommend this seller to any & all I know who are in the market for reliable and affordable devices.
35,"Battery doesnt work! I travel to another country with the laptop and web I turned on and unplug it, it shuts down! And in Battery Options appears ""Replace now"". How you can help me? I'm in Ecuador now and wont be back in a year!"
36,"I love my new MacBook Air, it came as expected (relatively like new condition). This my first Mac and I’d purchase it again refurbished, you save greatly and get almost the same product 😀"
37,Bought certified refurbished ended up with a unit with a screen covered in dead pixels. I contacted apple to see how much a screen replacement should be more I'm looking a repair cost more than I paid for the laptop.
38,"DO NOT BUY!!! I purchased this computer for about two month and one day I couldn’t turn it on after it goes into sleep mode for a long time. It just wouldn’t turn no matter what I do, I tried every single method out there. I had to press the power button a hundred times for it to finally turn on. But after a while even that won’t work. The computer is just dead. I had to take it to the computer store and they told me it costs $434 to fix it!!!! Even though I actually paid to get it fixed I recommend everyone do not buy!! It’s not worth the money and will cost you more!! The guy in the computer store told me that there is corrosion inside the motherboard and in order to fix it it costs a lot of money ($434). I am truly upset and wished I would have just bought a brand new one from apple that’s the newest version and which will cost me less than what I spent on this computer!!"
39,"The laptop worked great the first week. Eventually, things started to decline and quickly.  I would constantly have to change the time clock, and that would prevent many apps from working properly or not at all. I also discovered that my webcam did not work. I asked customer service if I could get a replacement laptop, and they gave me a website to help me fix it myself. It did not work. Also, the computer would start dying very quickly, even after a full charge. I would also not start up automatically, even with the charger plugged in. I had to press to start button almost endlessly for it to just power on. Eventually, it just would not cut on at all, even with the charger plugged in. It’s completely dead. Apple says that it should cut on with the charger plugged in if it were a battery issue, so it’s definitely something wrong with it beyond that and it will cost upwards of $400 to fix. I’m totally bummed. It did not even last a year."
40,"I pulled the trigger on this thing hoping that the bad reviews were wrong.. some of the comments saying it came dirty and defective definitely gave me pause however, what arrived today was practically a brand new macbook. the device does not show any signs of wear and the battery cycle count is 18, it came with the original power brick and while the cable was used, it was not worn or dirty in any way. While i've only just started using the device about an hour ago, I can tell you that it's speedy and works flawlessly... had I not known it was a refurb when buying it, I would have easily confused it for a brand new mbp.. for those asking, this is a 2017 macbook pro and the specs as quoted are accurate. i'll play around with this thing for a little while and update this review as needed, but so far this looks like a winner!***update***A few months in and it’s still working flawlessly. I don’t regret my purchase for one second, and neither should you!"
41,This is not a 256GB MacBook Pro- they are falsely advertising it as such and then shipping buyers 128GB versions.
42,"Came in used and dirty, and it was not even turn off, I'm gonna return it. So disappointed."
43,"Wow. I cant say enough how happy I am with this laptop! I it arrived early, and for a refurbished computer I swear it doesn't have a scratch, dent, smudge or single flaw anywhere on it! Its fast, the battery is great, its working perfectly! I couldn't be happier with this thing!"
44,"Was excited to receive it and on the outside it had one noticable chip in the case on the cover side (which had a sharp edge to it), but thought that isn't too bad.  But when opening it up the screen in both the top left and top right were broken/chipped/cracked like it had been dropped and they replaced the cover, but not the screen.  This was not acceptable.  Wanted to try it out and ended up learning that some of the keys did not work right (sticky, pushed strange and such), plus the touchpad/mouse was really strange and didn't seem to work correctly.  Too many issues out of the box for me and too concerned that there might be other issues from where it looked to have been dropped and such.  Sending it back and just started that process.  So far the return seems ok....but just hate that the product does not match the description...using their words ""Renewed products work and look like new""."
45,"I ordered the space gray with 256 gb of ram and received a silver with 128gb.  I knew this could happen as the picture did not match the description and I had seen other similar reviews.The good news is it was on time and in flawless condition.  I think I will stick with it and not press my luck, as it is still a fair price and a great machine, but beware."
46,"I have to admit, I don't typically write reviews and I was a little hesistant about the product due to some 1 to two star reviews. The space gray model not only is at a great price, it came to me brand new. With all the specs I was expecting, i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD, and works like a dream. Battery life is great, setting up was easy, and all my Apple Products (iPhone, Apple watch, Earpods) synced with no issues. I'm not sure as to why there were so many negative reviews, but mine is not one of them. SO HAPPY!! I truly recommend."
47,the battery is dead
48,"This product arrived quickly and looked great.  There have been multiple glitches with the power switch and with the screen ever since it's arrival.  Most of the time the power button would require multiple attempts to push before the computer would power up.  When the computer woke from sleep state (opening lid after its been closed for at least fifteen minutes) the screen would be black and then all pixelated.  Most recently, the computer wouldn't even turn on, when it finally did, it was all reset and all the settings were reset.  I lost everything I had put on the computer over the past day.  The seller still hasn't gotten back to me after email and I left a voice message.  I have now initiated a return as I want my money back.  It would have been nice if they had gotten back to me ASAP when I emailed or when I called (during normal hours of operation, by the way) and it went to voicemail.  The fact that they didn't and the computer kept coming up with other issues.  I now will buy a new one.  The value is not there with the aggravation generated."
49,"Multiple reviews mentioned getting devices with used batteries, screen issues, etc.My laptop arrived through FedEx Express with questionable packaging. But everything was intact and fine. The laptop still had the plastic wrapped around it as MacBooks directly from Apple do, even with the screen cover. Only 3 battery cycles out of the box, with a new charger in the box. I am very satisfied with the purchase although in the Q&A section of this product someone mentions that this is a 2018 model, its not, its a 2017 (At least the one I received.) which for me isn't really a big deal since it arrived in exceptional condition. Highly recommend this MacBook."
50,"Delivered to me within 12 hours of purchase... Sealed in original apple packaging with protective film, blemish free, not a scratch.. Mint.its powerful, Ive already loaded some big task audio software and broadcast software on it and its flying through the multiple processes together at ease... (Logic 10.5 / Traktor DJ 3.0 / OBS)Super light and portable, If this is a MacBook Pro then I can't even imagine how light the Air models are. Nor could I even imagine why you may need something more powerful. I am having to adjust to the new keyboard and Touch Bar, I keep hitting Siri and volume settings, even as I type this.id also recommend getting a keyboard cover as well.... I hear these keyboards go out sometimes and to repair it. This is no fault to the reseller, but I can't believe Apple with their price points don't offer a bigger SSD for the lowest price point.... 128gb is laughable so be prepared to buy an external SSD along with a Thunderbolt 3 / USB-C Hub to run hdmi, and various external accessories.Overall I love this computer so far, it was a nail biter as I rarely ever shell out $1,000 on anything but I'm very pleased and satisfied with my purchase. And I still cannot find a better deal on the internet, not even used on Facebook marketplace, letgo or craigslist....Five stars"
51,So not worth it. All they want to do is take your money do NOT BUY THIS ONE! Its used and if you search apple on amazon they have brand new with higher stats for cheaper.
52,"Just received this, but so far so good. It looks BRAND NEW. There are literally NO signs of cosmetic wear or damage. It arrived in a sealed apple box. I’m finishing setting up and I already love it. For just under $1,200 for a 2019 model, this is a GREAT deal!"
53,"I really love my MacBook. I really love this laptop. I'm a huge MacBook fan and this works like new. So far I don't have a problem with the butterfly keyboard, but I heard bad reviews about the keyboard from watching YouTube videos. I think that they may have fixed the keyboard problem when they refurbished the product??? I'm not sure, but honestly this a really great laptop for a really great price. I do wish that it came in the original Apple box and packaging, but it wasn't far from the really deal."
54,"It looks and feels brand spanking new! Definitely happy with my purchase considering that I bought a brand new 2020 MacBook Air and hated it. Returned it back in 2 days. I paid a lot less for the Pro than the Air and its A LOT better with so many features. I’m not trying to persuade anyone out of getting the Air but if you are considering on buying a MacBook my advice would be to just go ahead and get the pro. The Air reminds me of a google chrome book slapped with an Apple logo on it. Not saying that google chrome books are bad, but there’s no need to pay a full band for the Air when you could find something similar and a lot cheaper. All in all I really love this laptop."
55,"Bought this laptop with some apprehensions, as i have typically bought refurbished goods from apple directly. This was my first from amazon, and i was not disappointed. The notebook was flawless, not a single scratch on it. second, all the accessories where flawless as well, not signs of usage. When i powered on the notebook to verify usage, the battery had cycled only 3 times, meaning it was still in new condition. Very highly recommended seller. Thanks for a pleasant transaction."
56,"This laptop looked new, straight from Apple store."
57,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen arrived damaged, what a scam.!"
58,"Although I was very skeptical about purchasing a ""refurbished"" MacPro, after reading the reviews for this company, I made the purchase.  The MacPro arrived earlier than expected, expertly wrapped, included Apple certified, and in NEW condition.  There is no way I could tell it was not new or refurbished.  The price was the best I could find after researching other sellers.  I would highly recommend iPower Resale Inc to anyone looking for a MacPro.  Their customer service is exceptional.  Thank you for a great product!  5*****"
59,"When I looked at this product it only had one review and it was a bad one... I then checked all the other products the seller sold and the reviews were excellent, needless to say I took a chance and ordered this MacBook Pro 2019. It arrived before anticipated and it was securely package. I AM SO GLAD I took a chance on them because this MacBook is amazing! Now I’ve waited a couple months before reviewing it to make sure it works. The MacBook looks brand new, it didn’t have any dents or scratches. It works and performs like a new MacBook. I had to contact the seller over the a small issue with the charger and they went above and beyond to correct the issue.Excellent customer service excellent product. I recommend this seller to anyone!"
60,I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.I can't use the Mac because the hard drive was not reset and the software on the Mac dose not allow you to use it.Also there was no charger.Again very disappointed.
61,"Looks brand new, wrapped and sealed in Apple packaging. Plugged it in and turned it on and let it go. Absolutely no problems, it was automatic and wonderful to have the computer set itself up. Has performed flawlessly as expected of an Apple laptop."
62,"The laptop arrived in fair condition.  The screws show signs of wear so it may have been opened up during the ""renewal"" process.  Old stickers were left on the bottom. Also, the laptop was shipped with a cheap knockoff Chinese charger.  I have no reason to trust this charger so I'll have to order a genuine Apple one instead.Fortunately I don't need this machine to be a workhorse or I would send it back.  This should survive a year at least but I don't trust it as-is - I will wipe the hard disk, NVRAM, and SMC just to be safe."
63,Product was faulty. The charging port wouldn't hold the plug. I returned it. I don't think the refurbishing process is very competent.
64,"This is exactly like the MacBook I was given for work that was stolen on a plane flight. No problems with this as a replacement so far, smooth sailing for 3 months already! I got the protection plan just in case, but I'm very satisfied with this cheaper than new replacement. Will update if there are any issues that arise. Would recommend."
65,"Idk what I was thinking not having an apple in the first place. This laptop is very easy to use, fast, and I’m excited to see how productive I can be with this format. I feel free, nothing holding me back now!! Unlike old pc with unresponsive interface, slow speeds, and constant crashes, this one gives me no problems!!"
66,This laptop was literally like brand new out of the box. So far my daughter is so thrilled with her graduation gift. She is ready for college now!!!
67,"Our first ever Mac but so far its been quite impressive. It was easy to setup and get it going. It works well and very easy to use, turn on/off, carry around and day to day life. Wish the battery would last a bit longer."
68,"BUYER BEWARE!I knew by choosing a refurbished computer, I was taking a risk, but I never expected this. When I received this MacBook Air, I was surprised it was the model Apple stopped making in 2017, since the title said “Newest Version.” I emailed the seller and they said Amazon forced that in the title and told me I could return it. I work full time, am in grad school, and have three kids. I figured with it being an Apple it would last long enough to get me through school, so I kept it. Now, six months later the screen won’t turn on. It’s completely black.I am able to connect to an external monitor and use the computer that way, so I know it’s the display. After trying to adjust the brightness, several resets, resetting the SMC and the PRAM, I called Apple Support. They ruled out all software issues and told me it had to be the hardware.At this point I contacted the seller and they basically told me “sorry, it’s outside of the 90 day window so there’s nothing we will do for you.” I have escalated to Amazon trying to get some kind of resolution. They just confirmed there is nothing they are willing to do for me. They also are not doing anything to penalize the seller, All Out Apple. I'm shocked at Amazon. Shady sellers like All Out Apple will always be around, but I really thought Amazon was better than Ebay in that way. Lesson Learned.There is no reason a MacBook Air should have a display of a completely stops functioning after six months of use, even refurbished. I’m grateful that I had a work-provided monitor I can plug into to do my schoolwork, but if I was aiming to be tethered to my desk, I would have bought a Mac Mini."
69,"Got the computer two days early! this was probably the fastest delivery I've ever received from amazon. I wasn't going to buy refurbished but I really wanted another MacBook and shelling out $2k for a new one was simply out of the question. When I saw the price for this MacBook Air, I decided to roll the dice and buy it. I knew it could possibly come not as advertised, such as having scratches or not being updated as far as software is concerned but when I opened it up it was practically BRAND NEW! set up was simple as can be! only took me 5 minutes to sign in with my Apple ID and all my information was synced between my iPhone and iPad and onto the MacBook Air. There were a few minor scratches less than a couple centimeters on the bottom of the computer nothing that noticeable. the charger doesn't stick as well as I'd like and one of the hinges is half broken off but I've that same issue with practically every MacBook I've ever had. I was really surprised with the quality. it said 2017 version but with all the updates and new iterations its hard to gauge which MacBook your getting I thought I was purchasing a much older MacBook Air than what I got this thing is amazing and the 13 in screen is far larger than I expected it to be feels like a 15 or 17 in display when having it in your hands/ the computer itself is incredibly light, the main reason I chose the air you can carry it in anywhere with one hand and hardly feel it definitely much lighter than my 2020 iPad 11"" All in all if you're on a budget, this computer is the way to go! for $400 its practically brand new and runs like a dream! thanks amazon for this incredible refurbished Mac! love it !"
70,Exceeded my expectations! Some of the reviews had me a bit nervous but I can’t tell you how happy I am! The laptop is on almost brand new condition! Only 1 TINY nick on the front (you can’t see it unless your looking) and it was perfectly ready for me to set up my account! No issues or problems! It comes in a box perfectly protected and has the charger to go with as well👍🏼 So happy with it! Thank you!
71,"I was so excited because this laptop came in perfect condition. But when I tried to change the unsername to my name it wouldn’t work. 3 calls to Apple later, and I find out this computer is owned by a school that can remotely access my laptop at any time. Meaning, if they wanted to they could shut down and erase my laptop. Amazon gave me a full refund but I am very sad and disappointed"
72,"All in all, the laptop works great! It runs fast, it’s clean, and it’s perfect for what I needed it. The one disappointment I have it they claimed this product as a catagory A which means like new. When it arrived, the screen had two scratch marks on it that was discolored from the rest of the screen. I would understand like new for any other part to have a scratch, but the screen is a big deal and it should have mentioned that in the details."
73,"This MacBook Air is amazing!  I had been previously using a 2007 MacBook Air and it was time to upgrade.  I have never purchased refurbished before so I really didn't know what to expect, though was greatly concerned.  Needless to say that this laptop heavily exceeded my expectations.  Other reviewers stated that their MacBook was not as described, though mine looks brand new.  The keys are still crisp and clean, the screen immaculate.  There are a few light scratches on the outside of the computer (mostly the underside), but it is very minimal and unnoticeable.It runs like a dream, though I have only begun using it.  I will update should the computer have any issues.  It is an early 2015 with 4 GB RAM and its OS is Sierra.  I wanted to share that, as I found the Q&A to be a little confusing on that point and other reviews didn't really mention it."
74,"When I received this package, I was thrilled...until I tried to turn it on and got a “low battery” notification...for 16+ hours. Turns out the cord provided (not a Mac product) is not the correct wattage to charge this device. It’s hard to tell at this point if the computer is faulty or not now that I’ve purchased a new cord from Best Buy, but it shuts down as soon as it’s disconnected from power. The screen is pretty floppy, too- falls back without provocation. All of which seem like things that should have been mentioned in the details before I decided to purchase.After taking this computer to the Apple store, I was informed that the issue was indeed the battery- completely bad and had to be replaced. Again, something that I wish I had known before purchasing. It is in working order now, but doesn’t meet my standards of what “certified refurbished” means, and product details lacking for sufficient purchasing knowledge ahead of time."
75,"It said I had to do an update. When I hit the only update allowed it said the latest version was already installed but it wouldn’t let me go foward.  Also the screen seemed loose.  So if it was cleared out they never installed the new software correctly. So it wouldn’t let me even get to the main screen.  Others had luck but I did not.Also when I plugged the power bar in. It had a bit of a shock come out. As an electrician, I know that was a big no no.  I was willing to spend the money and get the correct power cord. But with everything else. I thought that’s already 3 strikes. No thanks."
76,I was very hesitant buying a used MacBook from Amazon but it turned out great! Looks new and works amazingly. You will receive exactly what was described. I have no complaints!
77,"Good quality, arrived early. As-new condition. Easy to install from my old machine via time machine backup. The old one was a 2010, now we are good for another 5-7 years.Thanks"
78,I have been struggling with this product since day one. I am not getting responses from the seller OR the extended warranty repair company.I have never had trouble with Amazon before. Every issue I have ever had has been settled with ease and courtesy.This has not. Made more devastating as it it is the largest purchase I have had and the product has been unusable almost since day one. We sent it to the extended warranty place who said they fixed it but it still doesn’t work.We have spent hours at Apple doing diagnostics and it is simply not functional. To repair it would cost more than I paid. They do not think that the parts it was refurbished with are even Apple parts.This was a terrible product and not worth the money.
79,"I bought this Mac and it came with a non Apple charger, I bought this as travel computer, sure enough in the first week while I was in Europe I had to buy am authentic Apple charger at $117. Now a month  later my Mac has died. It was having issues as in when I tried to maximize the scene with Netflix it would just shrink to a 3x5"" screen volume,  also the screen had been replaced before I bought it and is not well attached, very disappointed, I bought this last summer, but only started to use it in October when I was traveling, so I spent close to $700 for a Mac that lasted 2 months, return and replacement window has ""closed"" so I am stuck with a hefty repair bill."
80,"BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER, SHE IS 70 YEARS OLD AND BARELY USES THE LAPTOP.THE SCREEN IS IN THIS STATE, APPEARS TO BE PEELING! VERY BAD!!"
81,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Note: My purchase was completed through Kanga Supply for this item that ultimately doesn't function as intended.Amazon Renewed item descriptions indicate that the products should work and look like new, which wasn’t the case for this purchase, ergo my poor rating. After only having the Macbook for less than a day, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the product no longer functioned as intended.CONSThe Macbook worked fine for the first hour or so of use, but during an update, the screen flickered vigorously (see video). I hoped it was just a fluke, and it led me to believe there may be some software or hardware-related issue. After having the Macbook for less than 12 hours, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the screen flickering caused the laptop to become unusable (see picture). I also came here to draft a review in hopes that my issue is resolved quickly and effectively. I'll update my review once this is complete.PROSAfter removing the laptop and inspecting the outside, I was pleased. The outside of the Macbook is in good condition, just one or two visible scratches or marks.The charger was not the original Apple charger (as other reviews have indicated) but an OEM adapter. I don’t care that much about whether it’s an Apple charger, as long as it functions.Specs match the advertised item I purchased:128GB SSD8GB ramEDIT/UPDATE: After reaching out to the seller as instructed with the Amazon Renewed products, I never got a response in the allotted timeframe (2 business days) and was forced to reach out to Amazon directly. Ultimately, this item was returned for a refund.UPDATE 2: Today is 1/13/2020 and I have still yet to see this problem resolved to my satisfaction (refund or exchange of working product), after having ordered this product on 12/26/2019. Highly disappointed both in Amazon and the third-party seller.UPDATE 3: Received a replacement Macbook on 1/15/2020. So far it seems to be working, no issues with the screen per the previous item received (was NOT the same item sent back, verified by serial number). Pleased so far with this item."
82,"The 2015 Macbook Pro is still, in my opinion, the best Macbook even in 2019.  I use the SD card reader all the time and have several USB 3.0 devices.  I also use a newer 2017 quad-core i7 for work (no choice) but the difference in speed is not worth the added money and lacking ports.  When I actually put the newer 2017 to work, the heat issue is still a challenge for Apple and performance drops.  It's like having power that I can't actually use unless I sit in a walk-in freezer. Don't quote benchmark speed tests to me, what counts is actual performance sitting at my desk for hours at a time working on a project. I also prefer the magsafe power (although this one uses the magsafe II which I like less than magsafe I which had a more solid connection) This one, I purchased for my wife and it handles everything she needs it to do. Although you can't upgrade the memory on these models, so make sure you get enough for what you need.  If you want to change out memory, then the best choice is the Mid 2012 non-retina model which also come with DVD drives and has USB 3.0 ports."
83,"First off, I am removing a star because they shipped a counterfeit 60W Magsafe 2 charger with my order. I contacted them immediately and they offered to accept a return of everything. I explained that the charger was my only complaint and they overnight FedEx'd a genuine Apple replacement for free.""we sent you the wrong adapter for this batch of order and will overnight you the correct genuine one.""So they knowingly ship counterfeit chargers with some of their orders?The computer is pretty good cosmetically and operationally, but not as great as other reviewers. It is an Early-2015 12,1 model, this one was built in 12/2016. There is a crease over the right USB port from somebody yanking a USB plug. The battery has 107 cycles (89% life left). Keyboard and display are in great shape with no flaws. The SSD has no dead cells. It came with MacOS 10.13 installed.Overall its a good laptop and decent refurbishment job.EDIT: Knocking off another star. They sent me another counterfeit charger. Apple would never loosely jumble the cord in the box, a genuine power supply doesn't stay powered on for several seconds after it's unplugged from the main or stay lit green/orange after its unplugged from the laptop and this fake only puts out 25 watts max."
84,"I really feel like I got a great deal on this, mine arrived in brand new condition and it looked like it had never been used. I did see some people had bad experiences but mine was well worth the price tag. The only negative was that the charger provided is third party and not OEM Apple. The box is also generic and not Apple, not a big deal but you just don't get that same feeling opening it up as a new product. I will say that I checked the serial number on Apple and the computer itself was only a couple of years old, so in reality I paid around $450 for an Apple that was only a couple of years old with a decent amount of battery life still left. I only bought this as there was certain tasks that I could not do on my iPad and so I did not need a brand new super powerful computer. This one is great, does not get hot, fans are silent and the display looks incredible.Overall I was very happy with the purchase, it came fast and was like new condition at the fraction of the cost of a new one. I actually waited a few months before writing this review so that I could also include that I have had no issues at all in that time, battery lasts a decent amount of time and no software or hardware issues to report. It also runs the latest OS that I updated it to and I believe it will be supported software wise for some time to come. Completely worth the price!"
85,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The Macbook came in working condition with all original components and an OEM charger but not with the extension cord. The major downfall is the condition of the laptop, for the above average asking price for this model I expected great condition as it is stated to be like new but instead the model I received was in okay condition (not cleaned either, large collection of gunk in hinge vent) at best with a lot of edge scratches and deep cuts throughout the chassis, and some unremovable stains from stickers! And worst of all the battery was at over 500 cylces, the battery life was 4-5 hrs max! thats horrible for whats suppose to be a renewed device! Not satisfied!EDIT:  Avoid this entire listing especially from the seller ''Easymobiledevices'', they ship dirty grade b laptop and have poor costumer service."
86,Once i started running it all sort of problems arises. First major problem is wifi drops off and will not let you connect to wifi. After this happens you cant even turn on/off the wifi. Used guest and still no wifi. Restarting or shutdown and restart will not activate wifi. If you restart it takes so long to reboot. Sometimes it get stuck on the waiting wheel on startup. One out of ten restart wifi will work for a minute but then drops off and you will no longer be able to connect again. I cant say anything physically because it looks fine. Lastly beware it shows and says freshly installed mojave os but it has instead sierra installed. The power cord looks like an imitation and not the original one because from the weight it is not the original one. I can tell because i have multiple macbook at home and that is not the original one. I am pretty disappointed with this seller.
87,"I’ll update 15 days from today.CONS:-Delivery packaging: it was a regular box with one thick bubble wrap to protect the laptop.First glance, the charger seems pretty beat up but seems to work fine.-The outer top of the laptop has a lot of scuff marks and scratches. Sides do as well. Nothing TOO severe.-Bottom have some scratches and wearing on the rubber, not too noticeable.PROS:-Had a full battery-Set up went smoothly with no hiccups.-Outer signature glowing Apple works well.-Opening the laptop, the screen has no visible scratches, cracks, or scuffs at all.-Keyboard has no loose keys and is glowing well.-Trackpad has no scratches and works really well no weird working sides SO FAR.-Software automatically updated to Catalina, kinda wanna wait to update to Big Sur.I’ll update March 13, 2021"
88,"Still a GREAT LAPTOP, arguably the best MacBook Pro 13” ever made, 2 or 3 iterations later! I have had mine for 3 months now and although I was a little disappointed that I got a no-brand MagSafe power brick instead of an Apple brand, it’s caused no problems for me. I have been using Logic Pro X a lot and it runs nice and smooth even with the haphazard way I use it, leaving muted unused tracks all over the place as I learn about things like track bouncing and experiment with every single effect and different audio formats (I feel bad sometimes like I am unnecessarily abusing the laptop, lol) and I haven’t frozen or crashed at all. I have used a few emulation programs for old Saturn, Super Famicom, PS and Dreemcast games that push the 2D sprite and parallax scrolling envelope and again I haven’t had any problems. Only thing I have experienced that has been an issue is the actual Mac OS and it’s limitations with regard to formats, programs that it supports and connectivity with outside developers but I have also been able to get around that by setting Virtual Machines up and GUID partitioning to use whatever other OS I need. This is also not a complaint about the hardware itself but rather the Mac OS software so should not be considered when it comes to the actual MacBook Pro 13”.You will want to upgrade to an NVME M2 SSD at least 256 GB or 512 GB right away, as the 128 GB SSD will fill up within 2-3 months of moderate use and the newer M2s will increase the OS loading speed more than anything else. Luckily you have your pick of great SSDs like the Samsung 970 Evo, etc that you can easily swap in with a $5 adapter, a screwdriver and no soldering (just search YouTube for “MB Pro 13 2015 SSD upgrade”)…The unique things and PROS about this MB Pro 13” are the older style KEYBOARD that doesn’t break like 2016-later model keyboards do, 2 USB 3 ports, an SD CARD R/W and a FULL SIZE HDMI PORT all built in. This is the last MB Pro 13 with any of those ports on board and the fact that you can swap SSD hard drives with no soldering and very little skill needed, all-in with the M2 you get a sexy little powerhouse for half the price of the newer model Pro 13”s (1/4 price of current gen)! The rest (CPU, onboard graphics, sound/speakers) make this laptop a must have that will likely only appreciate in value $$$!Two Thunderbolt 2/miniDisplayPorts are useful if you want to setup 2-3 Screens, but the CONS Are that you get NO ThunderBolt 3/USB-C ports and more and more adapters and devices require that connection these days, though with the USB 3 ports there are ways around it, complicated as they may be. You also CANNOT UPGRADE RAM unless you know how to de-solder the current ram and solder up new ram (accepts up to 16GB DDR-3 in 2X8GB formation) and setup the machine to accept the new ram, which seems a recipe to completely destroy the board/laptop without at least some Mac building & Mac hardware programming know-how, possibly even special equipment.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE MODEL WITH THE AMOUNT OF RAM YOU NEED BUILT IN & a CPU that will be sufficient for you and you won’t be disappointed with this awesome little 6 year old laptop! Don’t get the 4 GB model even if it will “work” for you “short-term”! I got the 8GB/i5 2.9Ghz/128GB and I already regret not paying another $100 for the 16GB ram model, but c’est la vie.Just buy this MacBook Pro 13” while you can, replace the SSD as soon as possible, enjoy it, keep it another 5-10 years and you will likely be able to triple your investment by reselling it assuming Apple stays on their current trajectory with their MB Pro Hardware releases!!!"
89,"Hi, I bought this Macbook Pro 13"" early 2015 and received last week on Aug 23th. The laptop has a good appearance and doesn't have any flaws. However, the charger(45w) packed together with the macbook is not for macbook pro but for  Macbook Air. I just found out today, cuz when I use the charger(45w) laptop cpu temperatures goes up to 65-85 celcius. and I can't use more than 4 hours. But when I charge my macbook with Macsafe 1 (85w, which is for Pro), the cpu temperature keeps 40-50 degree, and it runs around 10hours. I want to change my charger into “MacBook Pro Charger 85w”. Thank you."
90,This is by far the best laptop ive ever owned! The laptop came with 0 scratches and only 16 battery charges on it. It even came with the apple box and stickers! Highly reccomend for the price. $850 is great for a 2019 macbook air.
91,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Everything I expected and more! Just like brand new!"
92,I love this laptop so so much. I think everyone should get it. The model is between 2018-2020 and the one I got had the Touch ID on it! Everything was very easy to set up and is in such great quality!
93,"Received in a timely manner.  Will review in a couple weeks.Well, it's been over 2 weeks since receiving my MacBook Air and I have to admit that it has proven to be worth it's price. The Retina display is phenomenal and it's compact chassis is just what I was looking for. I am not a power user, so I didn't need major memory capacity. The speakers are, surprisingly, crisp and clear for such a slim build. The fingerprint scanner is quick and a huge convenience. I am (or was) a long-time PC user and resisted getting an Apple, but the transition was smooth and Apple's claim to fame for being user-friendly and intuitive proved true. If you are looking for a compact, yet capable laptop with QWERTY keyboard, I would recommend this product."
94,"After having the laptop a few months, I can say my leap of faith to buy an amazon refurbished was worth it BUT I had to work a little bit.  It didn't arrive perfect and it still isn't perfect.  There is a tiny white dot on the screen where some pixels died (I guess) and when I first got it, I had to call Apple support to get iMessage and Facetime to work on it.  Then I had to take it to the Apple store to get the keyboard fixed as some keys would not work.  Thankfully, I had Apple Care on it so the cost to get it shipped off and fixed wasn't bad.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I recommend this seller, but I will probably buy new next time."
95,"** I have only had the laptop for a week, this review is only based off of the time I have had it**I was so nervous to buy a refurbished computer but this came like it was brand new. New packaging, new charger, spotless laptop. I was worried the battery would be bad and wouldn’t hold a charge. I was wrong. I downloaded over 12,000 photos and was on it nonstop for over 2 days without even having to charge it. I am in love with this!!!"
96,"As in the description exactly, thank the seller for the fast shipping and good packaging"
97,I love this laptop and I’m really happy with all the features. Would definitely recommend.
98,Exactly as expected. Great value.
99,"The product made a loud buzzing/grinding airplane-type noise as soon as it finished setting up which was truly deafening. I presume it was the fan producing this aggravating sound. No programs were running and the room was approximately 68 degrees Fahrenheit so overheating should not have been an issue. Since no computer should ever sound like a coffee maker at any time, I must conclude that it was defective. Return to sender."
100,"Arrived, boxed well with balloon cushions. Power adapter looked clean but had scratches. Opened up the Lid of the MacBookPro and it looked like it had some sort of disease or cancer & it smelled quite strange too. It had over 50% battery so I carried on with a reset which resulted in an error. Luckily it booted back into Yosemite OS that it had installed years ago, after 3 failed attempts managed to update to Mojave. Of course first things first copy music etc onto, USB stick struggled to go in either of the USB Ports (look at the photos) was also stuck after insertion but managed to pull out, with a hard pull - full force - anger. Had a look into the ports and discovered they were literally rusted dirty like disgusting, this is not the definition of Refurbished - but 2nd Hand or Heavily Used. Be aware, set your expectations right in oder to avoid any disappointments."
101,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I was super stoked upon arrival, began setting up the laptop and within minutes the screen stopped working. Literally pixels. Severely disappointed. I have gotten ahold of kanga and they are working to replace the device but it has now been over a week since I’ve purchased the unit with two day shipping and still have nothing to show for it. I hope they come through on their end and send me a functional unit."
102,"I've only had it for about a week now and this 2015 MacBook Pro is working phenomenally! I was kinda hesitant buying a refurbished MacBook from Amazon, but I can honestly say I'm go glad I went ahead and did. It came extremely fast and right from opening the box, it was as if I had bought a brand new one right from Apple themselves. There's not a scratch, dent, stain, dust or anything on it. So far it's working extremely well and I will definitely buy form this seller in the future and recommend them to others as well! Great price for a great computer."
103,"I’ve had this MacBook Pro going on 4 days and so far so good! It has met all my expectations and more. I grew up using windows PCs. This is my first Apple computer and I’m happy to have made the transition. Wish I did this long time ago but better late then never. If it wasn’t for the packaging and not being in the original box, I probably wouldn’t be able to tell this was refurbished. This is just based from my experience using MacBooks at the Apple store. Also, there was a few minor scratches on the bottom of the laptop.I will revise and change review in a month if any problems. But as of now, my review above is how I feel."
104,"I've only had it for a couple days, but so far this is a great purchase. The thing looks brand new, and I know it isn't. I am replacing an older Mac and just can't afford the prices of new machines from Apple. Using Migration Assistant (an app that comes with Macs) I was able to restore a time machine backup from the old machine, so I've lost nothing in the transition."
105,"When I ordered this product for the first time, it came with a green line on the screen. I contacted the costumer service, they responded very quickly and replaced it.The second computer came with better specs, I was the happiest person... for 2 months though, the computer suddenly stop responding.Other things that are worth saying:- The charger is generic. A generic charger can easily damage the battery of the computer, that could explain my problem.- The second computer they sent, had a sticker that covered the whole low part of the computer (those stickers that are the same color as the computer and are used to cover up very big scratches.Conclusion: they can deliver a great costumer service, but not a working product."
106,"The macbook pro only worked for a short while. It had a charging/powering problem - wouldn't keep a charge at first, then wouldn't power on even when plugged in. Confirmed it was not a charger issue.I contacted the company who said to send it back for repair. Once they received it they wrote saying it cannot be fixed and charged me a ""restocking fee"" in the amount of the purchase of the laptop. Outrageous!! I even had a protection plan for it. After numerous interactions they refused to help and returned the laptop without telling me. THEN they said they couldn't do anything in terms of a refund because I had the machine. Months later they refuse to resolve it and amazon can't help me because it's a third party seller. An ABSOLUTE JOKE of a company. I'm out over $500.00 with a computer that can't be fixed - and Apple store said they could try but for more than the computer's worth. So yeah. They have my money and I have nothing.DO NOT BUY from these people if you'd like to keep your money."
107,"Hey all! So I’ve gotten into photography lately and needed a upgrade from my old 2012 MacBook Pro and 2011 Asus laptops for editing. Figured a 2015 model would be the way to go for a decent upgrade without spending tons of money. I was super skeptical about buying a reconditioned one through Amazon after reading the reviews and thought about it for about 4 hours before I made the transaction. Next day it was at my door step with me a bit nervous about opening the package and seeing a beat up MacBook, I opened the box and the MacBook was in a bubble wrapped sleeve and that’s it. Okay I’m fine with that but what was the condition of it? Looks like it barely got used or the previous owner always had a case on it. Outside from a few nicks here and there it’s flawless. Turns on and is super quick, the Retina display is beautiful and definitely enjoyable to watch movies. It came with Mojave so the first thing I did was update it to Big Sur and it’s still flawless. I’ve only had it for a day if that but so far I’m happy with my purchase. Just be mindful yours may or may not be like mine condition wise I got lucky. Should you buy one of these? I would I’m pleased with my purchase and I’m sure you would be too. But I’ll update with any issues if they come up in the future. Thankfully I’m a bit tech savvy so whatever happens I’m sure I can fix it."
108,"This of course this is an old model and reconditioned/renewed, so I was expecting it to look somewhat used; however, this MacBook Pro is in PERFECT CONDITION as if I had purchased it new. I'm upgrading from a very heavy and slow 2009 white MacBook that's a dinosaur and I could only do very basic things on it. It has almost zero capability in terms of battery life (it could only be used plugged in) so this laptop is an absolute gem in comparison. This might be why I'm so hyped and elated. Plus the price was very good. *I hope the computer doesn't have some sudden glitch and dies on me...lol!Now, I can finally edit my videos in iMovie, which was not working on the old MacBook, because I couldn't update it anymore. I need this laptop mainly for traveling, to do editing work, I have a 2 monitor PC set-up at home. My only wish is that I could transfer my Adobe CS to the new laptop.SIDE NOTE: it's actually overall a little smaller than my old 13"" (screen size is the same), it's not as heavy, but not as light as the Air; it arrived with Catalina iOS installed and I had to upgrade to Monterey to use the newest version of iMovie - this isn't a complaint, just an observation."
109,"I bought for my mom, great deal (sort-of), works great (after I deleted 2 mysterious old unknown wifi connections)I bought this for my mom, she was always having Windows problems, viruses disguised as virus removal, scammy pop-ups, and so on.  Happy day!  :DThey raised prices during Prime Day, wth?  I thought I was getting a good deal, but afterward I noticed the price went down.  Anyway, I ordered this for my mom.  She's been using Windows and I wanted her to experience a Macbook Pro.  This one is actually even better than mine!  I'm still happily using a Late 2013 2.4 Ghz 8 RAM 256 GB 13-inch Retina, her's is exactly the same except it's a Early 2015 and it's actually got 2.7 Ghz!  Anyway she seems really happy with it.  I set it up for her, and ran the serial number, which was not found, not surprisingly although I'm not sure what that means, and the update page in the App Store looks like it was coded in 1995, so I'm not sure what's up with that.  Could be something funky going on, but all I know is it works and we're happy with it.  She's getting used to using it, and she says it's fast and smooth.  She was getting tired of all the Windows updates and virus stuff and all the spammy popups telling her to purchase a virus disguised as virus removal, yadda yadda yadda, so I am well-pleased that she is now almost a full-blown Mac-head.  Thanks Apple.  I hope to be able to afford an Apple car when they do come out, haha.  I'm not sure about the battery-life yet, but I HAD TO replace the battery on mine, so replacing it on hers should not be a problem."
110,"Do not waste your money or your time and energy. Please! I felt like everyone else who gave this a chance. I was nervous buying a refurbished computer, but this site had pretty good reviews overall. I was definitely wrong. The laptop shipped quick, but as soon as I pulled it out of the box- it wouldn’t turn on. I tried everything, eventually the following day I brought it to the Apple store to just make sure it wasn’t something as easy as the charger not working. NOPE! That’s when they were able to tell me the laptop had this weird covering on the bottom of it- which covered all the computers info. Turns out, it came from a school. They said it was definitely sketchy and had a hardware issue. I sent it back- it’s taken almost 2 weeks since I sent it out to get my refund- they issued it today, but it still says it would take 3-5 days to get in my account. What a freaking headache and waste!!"
111,"I was expecting a computer with scratches and obvious wear, but there were only two scuffs on the side of the computer which are barely noticeable and well-hidden with a plastic hard-case protector. The computer is rather small and light-weight.The battery life is pretty good for this kind of computer, but that’s just coming from a college student who only uses it to write essays and browse the internet. I don’t use it for more professional tasks like video-editing . Someone previously said the screen is yellowish but that wasn’t the case for me. All in all, it’s a really good, functional computer for the price. I’ll change my review if I encounter problems.Edit: (Nov 2021) I've had this computer for two years now and it's still functioning great."
112,"Arrived with no battery life. Charged with enclosed charger but battery wouldn’t hold a charge. Battery when clicked on, said “replace immediately”.  Had to return."
113,"Received in January and waited a few months before reviewing to have a real evaluation. Quality has been great, battery life is good and speed is good as well. Nice product for the price"
114,"I ordered this Mac Book Air, and reading from the description, I was thinking it would be wonderful. It was a good price, and I'm very familiar with Mac Books. I ordered this sometime in July, and it has worked perfectly. I decorated the outside with some of my favorite stickers, and I had all my information on there. It was my favorite thing I bought.""Oh, well why did you give it one star?"" you're probably wondering. Well friend, you see, this product came without 2 essential parts on the backside of the keyboard. When December came, my keyboard stopped responding to the computer completely. I called Apple about the issue, and what they told me over phone did not work. I had to visit Apple in person, so they could look at it. I was there for hours, and nothing got solved. So I then visited a Professional Computer-Repairman, and when he took apart the backside of the keyboard, he saw nothing wrong, until he looked deeper. He found that I was missing 2 essential parts to my laptop. He tried ordering these parts from China, but they have not responded.I have tried contacting Amazon many times, and they're not willing to help me out since my computer was purchased months ago, so it passed the 90 day rule. I feel as though this special situation should grant me a refund. But nope. Next time I order a laptop I will go to a Repair shop, have them take it apart, and see if anything is wrong. If there is, at least I can send it back within 90 days :).Ohhhh wait, I can't order a new laptop! I'm a poor college student and only had enough money for a laptop when I originally bought this one. And it was a complete dud! Can't wait to spend the rest of my college days in a computer lab. I don't think I'll ever buy from Amazon again. I'm sorry."
115,"I was nervous about buying a refurbished Mac after reading so many negative reviews, but I'm glad I did!  This is a great computer, updated with the latest OS and from early 2015.  For me, this is great for what I need it for.  I purchased the additional warranty just incase.  So far, I'm happy with my purchase!  My best advice is to read the seller's feedback page before buying."
116,I just needed a computer to finish my online schooling and this computer has worked great! No complaints at all!
117,"Works great, I love my refurbished Mackbook Air. I like recycling computers because we are creating enough trash in the world."
118,I got three my two boys and my ex love their MacBook Air.
119,"My old dell laptop had just broken and I was skeptical about buying this laptop but it came packaged nice, charger looks new and no scratches or bends on the corners! It was an easy set up. I just plugged it in and charger works great. I am in college and thought this laptop would be perfect and so far i am not disappointed! Will update if anything happens!UPDATE ONE YEAR LATER:Hey everyone!! My laptop is still running great. I use it everyday for college and my business and I even play Sims on Origin lol. The only downside to this laptop would be the battery, it does not drain too fast but I would always keep your charger around! Other than that I still love it and do not regret making this purchase!"
120,It’s just one continuous problem after the other with this computer. It’s really not worth it to save a little bit of money just buy new not refurbished have your warrantee you’re better off in the long run.
121,For this being my first ever Mac- This was an amazing buy... no scratches or dents. Its basically BRAND NEW. 😝😝😝The only thing is that it says 512gb but the space says 256gb so be wary of that.But other than that I am really happy with my purchase.
122,Good
123,Love it
124,"the product arrived with the screen broken. I would like a refund of $ 400 to repair it, since he is now in Brazil."
125,So happy with this purchase. Even my kids said it looks like the new ones. Has some minor imperfections but at the cost totally acceptable. Would definitely purchase from this seller again.
126,"This is actually the second refurbished Apple product ive bought, but the first refurbished one off Amazon.  Let me say.... a used, 5 year old model seems iffy, but looking at the brand new models I was sold on a refurbished one.I got this solely for the purpose of school.  Im in paramedic school and needed a computer, I have an iphone and ipad (refurbished) and decided to stick with the apple theme. Upon opening it the mac is in pretty good condition, the top looks new, screen is crisp and clear, speakers work great, keyboard has zero issues.  The battery charges to 100% and holds its charge well.  The only cosmetic ""damage"" is on the bottom of the mac which is absolutely ok with me, and its just minor scuffing.Ive had this thing 2 weeks now, and watching constant videos on the human anatomy, constantly doing/turning assignments in online, zoom class meetings, apple music lol and ive had no issues whatsoever.  I do have until Oct to return if desired, which if it keeps up like it is I wont be returning it.  Like other have said, if you want a mac but dont want to pay 1500+ for a new one, this is one great alternative!**UPDATE 02/21** Fast forward to February and this laptop is still going strong!! I use this for school as well as work and personal time.  Absolutely no regrets here."
127,This computer worked great for 4 months until one day it stopped charging. Tried to contact the seller to see if there was anything he can do. But he didn’t even bother to answer. Long story short I paid $225 to have it fixed. Now is working great again.
128,Record your unboxing from very beginning to end and pack very well when sending back
129,This is a surprisingly good MacBook for the dollars spent. This product came in pristine condition and could not be more what I needed. Personally even know it is not the newest model I LOVE the fact it not only has regular USB ports but also has an HDMI port so I can easily play thru my television. The keyboard also actually clicks which I prefer over the new style. The one thing I would say is that the battery life is not gonna last you what the a newer one would (Although that goes without saying). Overall I would highly recommend this laptop if your looking to own a MacBook but do not have the money to dish out for a brand new one.
130,The listing mentions a fresh install of IOS Mojave.  I currently has High Sierra.
131,"Let’s sum things up quickly. It is the early 2015 model that has been upgraded along with the latest OS. It has two thunderbolt 2 connections, 2 usb connections, 1 HDMI and magnetic charger. It’s non touch screen retina 13” and it is bright and beautiful. It’s not as clear as my iPhone 12pro max but it looks dang good still in comparison. I was pretty shocked at how fast the little guy is even though it’s an older model. I am VERY happy with my purchase. It did come with a small cosmetic blemish which was a crack in the Apple but I really don’t think it’s worth a return. The Apple as well as the keyboard illuminates which is awesome I’ve always liked the glowing Apple and never understood why they went away from it.I used FaceTime as well as texted and placedPhone calls directly from the laptop. Shared files and accounts. All works flawless. Does not have all the Big Bang hardware that most know cause the price to go up anyways so I’d rather shop and find what I want and buy them maybe on discount and only the programs I want. *achhoofinalcutproahhh*The laptop does not have an Ethernet cord but as you can see I have run tests on fast.com and gotten up to 1200 mbps/ 1.2gbps Uh yeah amazingI also am able to run my Virtual PC service and have windows as well. Shadow PC (I have blackened out any personal information on screen) does not seem to be any issues. I have yet to run my VR on it next but if trend indicates anything it won’t be an issue through Shadow.I also have a usb Ethernet cord adapter I can plug in a Ethernet cord for a hardline solutionPrinter installed fine. Games ran fine…. Overall just happy I was able to jump into the Mac world for under $300. For me it’s worth it and you remember this is not the end of the line YOU CAN ALEAYS upgrade part by part as you go along if you want bigger and better hardware.I forgot to advise there is also a SD Card slot as well. It’s probably not a coincidence there are good reviews on these products. If you are looking to dive in then you know about the 2015 models and their praised as the BEST laptop still to this day from Apple in some debates.Anyways I was like you reading reviews for hours… watching videos…. Adding items to my cart then taking them out then back again. Yeah I feel for you but honestly if you are here just get it try it out and see how you like it. If not return it… if you are like me I been on it since I got it and it’s been awesome integration with my other Apple products!!Oh yeah I have ran my PSNOW with full Dual Sense controller functionality yesssssss. Steam runs fine… Xbox controller runs fine. Very easy to pair things with the Bluetooth and network as well as airdrop and interchangeable functions between Apple products. I could go on and on so I’ll stop hereThis gets a amazing 4/5PS if you are being nosey and reading the screen with an error message. This was unrelated as this was an option I attempted from the beta options. Once I I clicked the option Shadow ran with no errors on screen. Happy hunting I hope this helps."
132,Absolutely love this Mac but Cosmetically there is a dent on top and also one on the bottom that doesn’t effect the quality of the product but just the looks so I’m satisfied but wish Amazon would’ve stated that and I would not have bought it!… Update I’ve chosen to return it and buy new
133,"I was a little skeptical about purchasing a refurbished computer online. I did a lot of research before purchasing. I bought this computer to start my online business. I read a lot of reviews and found this was the one. I first bought a Mac Air but soon after I cancelled and bought the MacPro. I received it on Feb 7 as it said it would arrive. I was so excited and yet nervous. I videod every thing, From opening the box to checking every inch of it. I was stunned. It was more then I expected and then some. To my surprise the article mentioned Elcapitan but it was upgraded to Big Sur. I was shocked. Not only did this computer come with a protective cover it was in mint condition. when I took off the cover and did a full inspection It blew me away. Couple days later the program allowed me to upgrade to Mac Monterey which I did so far  I am so happy with my purchase and It’s a beauty. With this price you can’t go wrong. Ofcourse with anything that you purchase online it’s  the chance you take and the way I see it you won’t know unless you give a try. I’ll give an update in a month or two. If you are looking for a computer that wont hurt your pocket then  I recommend you  should give refurbished items a try. It’s a better way to recycle used items and keep Mother Earth a healthier place to live..I say just GO FOR IT!!.. you can always return it if your not satisfied.."
134,I received the computer and it made the worst clicking noise any time it tried to process a substantial amount of data. Like playing movies on Netflix or playing a game online. Giving them a 3 ⭐️ Solely because the return process was so easy and I got a full refund.
135,"Very happy with this purchase, I'm typing this review on it.  It's completely clean, like brand-new clean. I'm very picky and I can't find anything wrong with it- no dents, no scratches, no noises, no dirt, nothing that would stop me from buying this again. Smooth lid, crisp keys- what else can I say? Runs like new. Comes in a plain box (double boxed) and it was well packed in an air bag. Also comes with a new aftermarket charger, which is fine. This is replacing the exact same laptop that needs a new screen, so for less than the replacement screen would cost I have a new computer and an extra charger!"
136,"Everything was great until yesterday when thr Mac just decided to quit working all of a sudden. I do not recommend this product whatsoever. Buy from an Apple certified and reputable seller.Update. Took the Mac to Apple. These idiots clearly have no idea what they’re doing according to the Apple professionals. They told me verbatim that “there’s no way the components fried like this on their own, whoever refurbished this clearly doesn’t know what they’re doing and I will make a note of this in the system so the refurbished can’t claim it was your fault”."
137,"I bought this computer and it came very damaged, broken and scratched. The seller never answered to be responsible for the problem. I have to keep this product and spend more money to repair it. I would never buy it again. HORRIBLE"
138,"I've never been a Mac fan, and I never would have bought this, but my daughter's school ""highly recommended"" a Mac, implying that a Windows PC or Chromebook would be inadequate.  Not willing to spend $1200 on a laptop for a 13 year old, I bought this refurbished unit at $575.  Still more than a brand new PC or top of the line Chromebook.  Now, less than 6 months after buying, but well past the 90 day warranty, it won't charge.  The repair is likely to cost more than a typical  Chromebook or adequate PC, and as it turns out, either one of those would be just fine at my daughter's school.  Never again!"
139,"When I got my Apple MacAir, it worked as expected. I run a online business, very basic things on the computer. They have a 90 day warranty on this product but my problems started happening a month and a half after the warranty ended. First, my built in sound went out. I called Apple and they trouble shooter everything over the phone. Nothing worked. I ended up getting a Bluetooth speaker which worked so I dealt with the problem. My computer started to run run slow weeks after, the system thought it was over heating and in the same breathe, the system stopped holding charge. Once I plugged out the laptop, my system died!!!I finally went to Apple store about another month and change later because it unbareable to do anything on the system. They ran a test and my computer failed all test that were ran. They said that this shouldn’t have happened on the timeline that I had the computer.Long story short, I informed this 3rd party seller and they didn’t attempt to help at all because of their policy of 90 days. I was better off spending a few dollars more and going through Amazon products sold by Amazon, which the warranty is 365 days (1 yr warranty).I contacted Amazon again who have been so helpful and understanding of the situation but is very limited, I don’t have a back up computer at the moment and operating my business on my phone temporarily still waiting for assistance thru this 3rd party. I don’t stand behind their quality of product at this point and did not offer a replacement, like they knew their refurbished products wouldn’t last. Not cool! 3 thumbs down!#👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿"
140,"The computer came well packaged in a non-descript box (not an original apple box, but that’s fine with me). The computer is in excellent condition, no nicks, no scraps, the corners are beautiful. The keyboard works perfectly. The laptop was ready to set up with all of my stuff! I’m excited it’s here and it’s workinf great. It is only the first day, I’ll update if anything changes. But I don’t expect it to!"
141,Factory Refurbished Mac. Arrived in Apple box had all accessories with it. Slow processor (Intel I5) but otherwise a great laptop for the price.
142,"Condition of pc wasn't as good as I expected, very dirty, tons of scratches, dont buy them!"
143,The laptop shuts down randomly even though power is still more than 50 %. I got in touch with seller and they said they were willing to offer replacement or partial refund. With COVID 19 pandemic i needed a good laptop to apply for online work apparently I asked the seller if I return the laptop how long will it take before a new replacement will be sent and I asked how much is the partial refund in case because I might just have it fixed here just so which ever way is the fastest. After 2 emails NO RESPONSE to my questions! Now am using the laptop but it has to be plugged all the time just to avoid random shut down. I hope buyers out there this will serve as a warning to all of you. Specially money doesn’t come by easy specially now a days.
144,"The certified refurbished macbook I purchased did not meet the description listed of ""little to no signs of wear""The laptop had a chipped bottom left corner where it appears to have been dropped at one point. On the side with the charging port there is a dent on both on the screen portion and keyboard portion where it seems something was closed in the laptop, creating the dents. On the back of the laptop there is a dent, once again on the side nearest the charging port. It seems like the device may have been dropped on something that would have caused the impression. On the right side of the screen portion there appears to be an indentation/ scratch down the side spacing approximately 1.5 inches. Seller agreed to allow return though so that was appreciated"
145,Very disappointed The product description says it was re-manufactured which means it supposed to be looked at and anything that was wrong fixed or at least most obvious things.  Guess it’s like a car you buy a used car and when you get it it breaks down. But this case I get the computer and it has no ability to be used with the battery it has to be plugged in all the time.  I took it in to see how much it would cost to fix in turkey because that’s where I took it I never thought of turning it on before hand and removing the cord to see if it worked I just assumed it was remanufactured and everything was working properly. So now I’m stuck spending $160 extra to get it working. They did offer me 30 bucks but that was before I actually had it Diagnosed
146,In the listing is say is SSD I GOT AN HD VERSIONoverall the laptop is locking nice but it has a big problem with overheating I open chrome I have 120-degree Celsius and it`s shutting down I will return as fast as possible
147,This is the second time that I have purchased this item . Great value.
148,"I was a little apprehensive about ordering from this seller, because it wasn't Apple certified. But the laptop arrived in mint condition, everything as described and was packed really well. I am very pleased with the seller and the Macbook Air.The ONLY drawback (I can't call it a negative), was that the laptop had High Sierra OS instead of the latest Mojave OS, but it is a free download and corrected in a matter of minutes.The laptop came with over 75% charge remaining and 317 charging cycles (out of about 1000)."
149,It's o.k
150,"I got this for my 13 year old. It arrived in a professional package, looks like new, and works like new. She is psyched. I highly recommend it."
151,USB port does not work with some of our cords for some reason.
152,"Renewed- you think it is a recent model.  No, 2015.  Old operating system.  Overpriced for old system, renewed or not."
153,They sent me a macbook which completed its 925 battery cycles a good macbook only lasts for 1000 cycles thats means I have only couple months left to use. they say they have inspection cycle bla bla as known amazon trys to knows false promises and sell their products
154,Product is light weight  thin and works well
155,There are no present cons or dislikes with this Mac Book. It was perfect for use in completion of my college courses.
156,"This is an unusually large advance over previous models, especially in raw computing power, but also in fun things like screen and headphone support.This Amazon listing has two different processors, the M1 Pro (listed as 16-Core GPU ""style"") and the M1 Max (32-Core GPU). I'll call one the Pro, the other the Max. I got the base Pro, but much of what I'll say applies to both, and I'll have some comments specifically about the Max too. (MBP below = MacBook Pro.)Amazon doesn't offer most of the options you can get, only the ones listed. For now (and probably later), that's the Pro with 16GB RAM and 512GB or 1TB SSD, or the Max with 32GB RAM and 1TB SSD. 3 versions total.Screen Brightness* and HappinessThis screen can get up to 1600 nits brightness and can sustain full-screen brightness up to 1000. That's very impressive, as MBPs since 2016 have topped out at 500.*But the vast majority of the time, this screen will also top out at 500, because those other numbers are only for HDR (high dynamic range, what Apple calls XDR), i.e. some videos and some photos viewed in some programs. If you're browsing the internet, using productivity apps, or the like, those are almost all SDR (standard dynamic range). You'll be seeing them at the same brightness as with MBPs for the last five years.That said, the new screen is beautiful and bright in both HDR and SDR for most situations. For HDR, it puts out more color and brightness, and darker blacks - a million-to-one contrast ratio - with a wider range of light and color that has more pop and more detail in shadows and highlights. It can be dazzling or just more realistic.For SDR, it's much like before, still a gorgeous screen, with better contrast than before because of darker blacks.Has more pixels per inch (254, up from 226), and more pixels all over (3456 by 2234, up from 3072 by 1920). The aspect ratio remains 16:10 (not counting the top menu bar).ProMotionProMotion is Apple's name for screen refresh rates that can go up to 120Hz, or lower to save processor/battery power when 120 isn't needed. This makes motion smoother, more natural.For now where ProMotion applies is limited. Most scrolling in browsing, including with Safari, still tops out at 60Hz. Which is fine for me, but it bothers some people, looks choppy to them. This could be changed with a software update.Bloom and GhostsBloom is when a bright spot on a dark background bleeds out past where it's supposed to be, a common issue with this kind of screen. I and most others think this screen handles it well (better than the iPad Pro), but it can still arise some.Ghosting is when a moving object leaves a noticeable trail of ghost images behind for a fraction of a second, one for each new frame until the old image fades. MBPs are notoriously mediocre at this kind of ghostbusting, and this screen is no exception. Expect the usual haunting, if you notice that kind of thing.PWMFor those concerned (you mostly know who you are), there is PWM (pulse-width modulation) on the smaller 14"" version of this screen, and so very likely on this one too, at a frequency of 14,880Hz at all brightness levels (measured by NotebookCheck). That's a very high frequency, considered well beyond what would cause trouble for the susceptible.The NotchAs you can see in the main photo here, there's a black Notch at the top of the screen. There are no pixels there. The long-desired improved camera is there, and a mic array and light sensor (and maybe room for a Face ID system if they decide to make MBPs with that). As with the iPhone Notch, it's controversial.You can make the Notch disappear, or rather blend in, if you make the background up there black. It also disappears into the black bars when you view things like videos in full-screen mode.The cursor disappears into the Notch if you put it there. If an app has menu items that stretch there, they disappear too, but they'll still function normally if you put the (invisible) cursor on them.Desperate times call for desperate measures. Most apps won't have this trouble, but if you must, you can avoid menu items disappearing by using the ""Scale to fit"" function, which shrinks the entire screen work area a little to fit below the Notch. Makes it look like an old 15"" if the background is black, like there are wide black bezels. (Google ""Scale to fit below built-in camera"" for full instructions and mockery.)There are also third-party apps, such as Bartender, to manage how items appear in the menu bar and keep them visible.Camera and MicsThe new camera that, along with the thinner bezels, makes the Notch necessary, is 1080p, with an f/2 lens for good exposure in the shadows. Video looks noticeably better than before, though it can have a processed look.The three mics sound very clean and natural but with a little less bass than before to my ears, which is fine.Extra ScreensYou can use two external monitors with the Pro, down from four with previous models. They can be up to 6K @60Hz with a billion colors. The Max can still use four: three 6K and one 4K, all @60Hz etc.You can use 4K @120/144Hz HDR monitors too.You can run two from one port if you use the right kind of dock or daisy-chain.Headphone OomphThe new headphone jack has more power for high-impedance headphones. It automatically adjusts, so it won't overwhelm low-impedance phones. If the headphones have less than 150 ohms impedance, they get 1.25 volts RMS. If more, 3 volts. That might cause it to fail to provide enough power to some not-so-high-impedance headphones that still require extra power, such as planars.With my 2016 15"" MBP, I've had to use a portable amp for my Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pros (250 ohm), but now I can pretty well do without it, though sometimes only just. The volume on some sources is still not always what I wish I could make it. But now I can nearly achieve hearing loss with the intro to the guitar riff in ""Money for Nothing."" Which also sounds good, and healthier, a couple notches down.Among other headphones that have tested favorably with the new jack are the DT 990 Pros (250 ohm), and the Sennheiser HD650, 660S, 6XX, and HD800 (150 to 300 ohm).One report says the planar Hifiman HE4XXs (35 ohm planar) sound good, but most planars tested are said to need more power. The Audeze LCD-2Cs are reported to sound good enough, though not their best. The LCD-3s and Hifiman Sundaras and Aryas are said to be underpowered.For my usual regular-impedance phones, Cleer Flow IIs (16 ohm), the wired volume is a little louder than before, though still not always the earsplitting barrage I want for some sources. Maybe for the best.Quality iems (in-ear monitors) that require especially clean input, but not too much, reportedly sound good, including Andromedas and Moondrop Starfields.SpeakersThey're improved from the already laptop-leading speakers from earlier MBPs, with a fuller sound and decent kick, amazingly good for when nothing with a 3"" woofer is around.Apple mysteriously says the 14"" M1 has the same speaker system, but looking inside both machines shows the speakers in the 16"" are bigger - both ""subs"" and tweeters - and located differently, with the subs in the front corners on this one. The 16"" has fuller bass (such as it is).Heat and NoiseThere isn't any.None with my typical use, at least. If you push it hard, it can get warm, but not as hot as my 2016 15"". Which makes sense, as this has a larger enclosure, bigger fans, larger, better heat sinks, and more power-efficient processors. The fans don't have to spin up as much to do the same amount of cooling, so it's noticeably quieter even when it does heat up, rarely makes any noise at all.The 16"" Max comes with a larger heat sink than the 16"" Pro, so likely runs a little cooler and quieter sometimes, though the Max might get hotter when it uses a lot of that extra power.KeyboardVery quiet, much like the older Mac laptop keyboards, not the butterfly ones from 2015-19, but the rest. Maybe less travel in the keys than some of those, but plenty for me.I miss the touch bar sliders for fine control of some functions, but you can still use sliders via the Control Center, the icon next to the date on the screen's top menu bar. That's also where control of the keyboard backlight is, no more control for it on the keyboard.TouchpadThe best available by far, responsive and large so you can carry the cursor over a large area with more control. For clicks, it's great. For taps, which I turn off, it's not as great, according to those who prefer that - appears to be a software issue.PortsThere's one less Thunderbolt/USB-C port than before, but 50% more bandwidth (3 controllers instead of 2).The HDMI is 2.0, can drive up to 4K HDR @60Hz.The SD card reader is shallow, so the cards stick out. There might be room for a flush micro-SD adapter. I only have cards up to 64GB, which work fine. Some people have had trouble reading some cards, so it may be finicky.Battery LifeI usually keep plugged in, but the reviews I've seen that cover battery life tests typically say it's the longest of any similar machine they've tested, including PCs. Reports of battery life for office work, browsing, watching videos, and so on generally range from 10 to 16 hours, sometimes more. It can go unusually long with heavy use too, 5 hours or more of video work, for example. Max Tech did 10 benchmark and stress tests with it in a couple hours, some maxing out the CPU or GPU for up to ten minutes, and it still had 36% left.At normal settings, there's no performance hit until you get down to 3%; until then you can process or game at full tilt. There's a low-power mode that extends battery life by limiting performance, lowering screen brightness, etc. The Max also has a high-power mode, but it seems to only ramp up the fans sooner to help cooling. Apple's description and tests in reviews indicate it doesn't affect performance in any direct way.The Max has tended to have a little less battery life than the Pro in reviews. The only good tests I've seen that compared directly either found negligible differences or up to 15% less battery life for the Max. (Other tests haven't been well controlled.)You can quick charge to 50% in a half-hour. The new power brick is 45% more powerful than before, and maybe 30% larger lengthwise, still small for what it does. You can charge at lower speed with smaller bricks (not included) via the USB-C ports.Size and WeightIt's noticeably heavier than before, about 5 ounces over the previous 16"", and not quite as sleek, but it's sleeker than I was expecting from the photos.RepairabilityHa ha! But really, it's better than it was. Battery modules now have pull tabs so they can be more easily replaced. The screen can be replaced more easily, but if Apple doesn't do it you lose True Tone (which I don't want anyway). The headphone, Thunderbolt and MagSafe ports can be replaced without replacing the logic board. Now rates a 4/10 from iFixit for repairability, up from 1/10 for the previous model.CompatibilityComes with Rosetta 2, which enables M1 Macs to use programs written for Intel Macs, and usually works very well.There's no more Boot Camp, so to run Windows or Windows programs you have to use third-party software like Parallels, which runs Windows by emulating a Windows machine (and requires a Windows license), or Crossover, which modifies Windows programs to run on Macs.  Which works best, or at all, depends on the program.GamingWoW *mostly* runs 50 to 120fps at high settings and resolution, depending on the location. Some places can't even manage 50 at those settings, though, but do OK at more compromised settings. Baldur's Gate 3, Diablo III, CS:GO and several others can run at 60-100fps or better at good settings.You can play Windows games via Parallels or Crossover. They generally don't run as well, but some do fine.Most games, including native ones, run quite a bit better on the Max, with up to 2x the fps. Final Fantasy XIV is hit and miss at good settings even with the Max.Gaming isn't usually hot or noisy, can get warmer with light fans for the games that aren't running natively. And there's no noticeable performance hit for gaming on battery.WorkI have to mention the less fun part: how well this does things you might have to do at work. It does almost all of it better than before, much of it way better. Here's how it compares according to actual test results from numerous sources with Xcode, Logic Pro, Lightroom, Blender, Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, and so on. The range of comparison depends on what the task is.Previous base MBP 16"" (Intel i7 AMD 5300): The Pro is 60% to several times faster.Previous top-spec'd MBP (i9 5600M): The Pro is about the same to 2 or 3 times faster.Regular M1 machines (not M1 Pro or Max): The Pro is about the same to several times faster.The 14"" M1 Pro with same specs: The same, though the 16"" has the bigger battery and heat removal system, so it fares better in those ways.Windows laptop work stations: This is complicated, but the Pro can thrash most Windows laptops in most intensive work-related apps. It lines up very roughly with machines with a good i7/i9 and an RTX 3070, but generally can't keep up with the RTX 3080. The Pro uses a fraction of the power, and so only produces a fraction of the heat and noise, if any. And lasts and performs much better on battery.Pro vs MaxThe Max is about the same to twice as fast as the Pro, mostly between those extremes. The CPU is much the same, but the GPU is double the cores, so the main advantage is in graphics-heavy work.Besides the GPU cores, the Max has twice the bandwidth for memory transfer, two hardware video encode engines instead of one, and some extra cooling capacity.If you're already successfully using a Mac laptop, you don't *need* the Max, since the Pro is already better than what you have. But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from the Max's extra power if you have the money. For intensive video editing, massive photo editing, or better gaming (though cheaper Windows machines will play most games better), the Max has real advantages.To confuse things a little more, Apple (but not Amazon currently) also offers a demi-Max with a 24-core GPU, halfway between the Pro's 16 and the Max's 32. It's a cheaper way to get the extra bandwidth, video encoder, and cooling advantages of the Max. Tests show that in graphics-intensive tasks it operates roughly midway between the Pro and 32-core Max, often more than half, as expected.WarrantiesThis comes with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects that includes free phone support for the first 90 days. If you want to also cover accidental damage (with deductibles) and extend the regular warranty and free tech support to 3 years, you can buy 

AppleCare+ from Amazon

   (link embedded) or Apple. You get 60 days from purchase to buy it, but coverage for accidents doesn't start until you do. (I always self-insure when I can, so I didn't get it.)DecalsLast and least, this comes with two black Apple decals, the sign of true professional Apple equipment."
157,Out of the box unusable for me. This MacBook Pro does not have any USB ports to be able to restore from a previous Mac back up that’s on an external drive. You must buy an adapter. Since I live in a remote area I’d have to order online and wait. You cannot even plug a iPhone12 Pro Max directly into it. The only ports it has are thunderbolt. So even Apple’s own lighting connector needs an adapter. The keyboard is a downgrade from the old keyboard. Solid black plastic instead of plastic keys surrounded by aluminum which were easier to see. Had to call Apple support to download an update because there is no reset option in the System Preferences of OS Monterey. And the update did not work to give it that option. Will have to figure out a different option to remove my account and information to return it. This particular MacBook is defective I believe.
158,I ordered the 2021 16 inch right away as I knew they would probably sell out fast. I had to make sure I had one for my trip I am leaving on soon.  As soon as I opened it the screen would never come on.  Thought maybe it needed charging so I tried that.  Still nothing but a black screen.  It kept making the sound when you open it up even when it was closed over and over again.  I took it to the local Apple Store hoping I could get some answers.  They tired to get it to work and could not either.  They said it is very strange and maybe something happened to it during shipping.  They said since it is brand new it would be best to get my money back from Amazon.  I thought maybe I could just exchange it before my trip but the one I ordered is out of stock.  I will try the 14 inch and see if I like it compared to the size of the 16 inch since it is in stock.  This is a first MacBook Pro I have ever purchased and now I am a bit nervous.
159,"Here are the temperature results for the new cool MacBooks compared to the old overheating intel ones. 91 degrees for the old one near the processor, and 74 degrees on the new ones. Both had been running for hours transferring files nonstop. Amazing. I have been editing video, transferring large files and not once have the fans kicked on. Makes me want to cry."
160,"Finally, this 2021 MacBook Pro cured my depression!"
161,Arrived DOA - wouldn’t start up. Spent hours on the phone with Apple support and still wouldn’t start. Returned - c’mon man!
162,"This laptop is unbelievably fast. Between the screen, battery life, and performance, this laptop is head and shoulders better than any competition."
163,My first ever MacBook. Switched over from PC and I can't believe I didn't switch sooner! On the pricer side but I'm super happy with my purchase!
164,"I have been using my MacBook Pro from 2014 for work until last week when I finally purchased this MacBook Pro. My old MacBook starts up and works as fast as the day I bought it. The only reason I bought a new MacBook was because the battery life was getting low. I probably could have just bought a new battery and it would have been fine.That being said, I did hold out for this MacBook because Apple brought back the ports that I needed. I use the HDMI and SD ports daily. An Ethernet port would have been nice but that’s asking too much. This MacBook has a 2 day battery life and is blazing fast. I use Adobe programs and this MacBook doesn’t even blink when I do live editing. Best laptop I have ever used.I own a business that uses many PC laptops and a couple MacBooks. A PC will never last as long as a MacBook. And, a PC ALWAYS gets slower after 6 months of use. The price is high but you can buy a new PC every 2 years or a MacBook every 7 years."
165,"Coming from a 2019 16in, I feel that this generation is 2 steps forwards, 1 step back.Pros:-Fans are never audible even under full extended load!  This was my #1 issue with my 2019 mac which would have constant fan noise with 2 monitors.-2x battery life-Better screen especially in dark environment or a dark subject-Extremely fast for certain workloads such as video editing and code compilation.-magsafe is back (although I personally don't care for it)-most apps work normally with rosetta emulation, but may have some stutter.Cons:-thicker and SIGNIFICANTLY heavier.-Screen has a notch which is very distracting for me.-Still has some compatibility issues.-Terrible for games.  Only a few titles are supported natively.  I only tested league of legends(uses rosetta emulator), but it was choppy and 1/3 the fps of my 2019 intel macbook.- +$300 base price even though they got rid of intel.-The area I feel apple has made a major misstep is with ports.  I couldn't care less for SD card or HDMI, but everyone who buys this is going to need USB-A.  It's ridiculous that I still have to bring a dongle everywhere just to use my mouse but these ports I never/rarely use are back.Also some developer related tools/libraries aren't working.C# debugger is totally unsupported for example.  Anything that requires gpu hardware acceleration (pytorch) is unlikely to ever be supported in any usable form.  Linux dual boot is unsupported or in early experimental stages.  I also had issues building/running java projects natively, but no issues with rosetta.If you're looking to buy this for an undergrad program, it's probably workable.  However, I'd suggest saving some $ and getting a used mac or windows machine.  Professional devs will be aware of their specific requirements, but I suspect many will need to keep a secondary x86 machine for the foreseeable future."
166,"I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13"" MacBook Pro to the 14"" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13"" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14"" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1"" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13"" model, but smaller than the 16"". I had a 16"" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14"" and 16"" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the ""form factor"" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the ""MacBook Pro"" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14"" and 16"" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13"" had the M1 chip and now my 14"" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13"" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27"" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13"" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14"" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max."
167,"I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this."
168,"M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about ""the notch"" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks ""sharp"" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks."
169,"I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?"
170,sent me base model
171,"I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connects"
172,"I never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it."
173,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!"
174,"This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the ""affordable"" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy."
175,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Sheeeese! What can I say? Apple has done it again 🤪😍 magnificent piece of device I must say."
176,I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA. But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable. Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at home and making zoom calls all the time.
177,"Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours. Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution & bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications (With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there will be a fix soon"
178,"UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1 MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro - and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using ""swap memory"" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful. Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/A) - 2017 12"" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020 Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017 MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful when you have many GPU intensive ""Pro Apps"" running at the same time.I would never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or the dreaded beach ball ""not responding"" issues, or if you have non-Apple programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models, it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac."
179,"The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it with a new one."
180,"Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well."
181,"I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13"" and a 11, both with the previous form factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution) and this new 13"" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great!  2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and looks good with the thin black bezel.  I usually don't go above 50% brightness.- KEYBOARD is good.  Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.  Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is fantastic.  Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC), etc., it has been great.  Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.- LOOKS GREAT.  Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few years old by now) design, looks and feels great.  Form factor is nice and it is a reasonable weight.- NO FAN.  That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap.  Pretty amazing really for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE.  It works great so far on what I have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a laptop using Apple silicon for the first time.  For just day to day use and things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super smooth and fast.  Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it is the base model with 7-core GPU.  Also, things like start up are noticeably faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27"" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH ID is great still.  Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons.  On the other hand, it should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual and a real reason to get this MBA.  Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not really need Face ID if you have the watch).  You can easily send/receive files using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay.  And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still sucks.  Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams, etc.  Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27"" iMac FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS.  Sad that this thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging, DisplayPort).  Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port for other use, pretty lame.  I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH (Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g. Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery.  Easier to have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute, especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem.  Love it so far!"
182,No complains so far.  Very fast and performs great.  I had a 2014 MacBook Air and finally upgraded this year.  This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very happy with this upgrade.
183,"Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new Apple M1 chip.  A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this computer, I have have found several things of concern:1.  my notification center keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2.  my computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS devices (iPhone & iPad).  If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will appear on my mac but not vice versa.  Reminders will not sync regardless of which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET.  THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!"
184,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Bought this laptop bc i needed it for spring semester and i needed an upgrade from my heavy macbook pro. I go to work too so i needed something super light and thin i can just bring everywhere and slide it in my bag.I am obsessed with how fast this macbook is. The battery life is on point. I used it for movies and series at work and it lasted for 3 days. The processor is definitely sooo good. I open so many tabs at once and it has not lagged on me. The keyboard and trackpad is responsive.I love the color. The main reason why i bought this too. 😍😂I have no problems with it at all.Highly recommend"
185,Opened my brand new $1000++ computer and the entire screen was cracked and destroyed. Awesome! Thanks Amazon.
186,"I pulled the trigger on this thing hoping that the bad reviews were wrong.. some of the comments saying it came dirty and defective definitely gave me pause however, what arrived today was practically a brand new macbook. the device does not show any signs of wear and the battery cycle count is 18, it came with the original power brick and while the cable was used, it was not worn or dirty in any way. While i've only just started using the device about an hour ago, I can tell you that it's speedy and works flawlessly... had I not known it was a refurb when buying it, I would have easily confused it for a brand new mbp.. for those asking, this is a 2017 macbook pro and the specs as quoted are accurate. i'll play around with this thing for a little while and update this review as needed, but so far this looks like a winner!***update***A few months in and it’s still working flawlessly. I don’t regret my purchase for one second, and neither should you!"
187,This is not a 256GB MacBook Pro- they are falsely advertising it as such and then shipping buyers 128GB versions.
188,"Came in used and dirty, and it was not even turn off, I'm gonna return it. So disappointed."
189,"Wow. I cant say enough how happy I am with this laptop! I it arrived early, and for a refurbished computer I swear it doesn't have a scratch, dent, smudge or single flaw anywhere on it! Its fast, the battery is great, its working perfectly! I couldn't be happier with this thing!"
190,"Was excited to receive it and on the outside it had one noticable chip in the case on the cover side (which had a sharp edge to it), but thought that isn't too bad.  But when opening it up the screen in both the top left and top right were broken/chipped/cracked like it had been dropped and they replaced the cover, but not the screen.  This was not acceptable.  Wanted to try it out and ended up learning that some of the keys did not work right (sticky, pushed strange and such), plus the touchpad/mouse was really strange and didn't seem to work correctly.  Too many issues out of the box for me and too concerned that there might be other issues from where it looked to have been dropped and such.  Sending it back and just started that process.  So far the return seems ok....but just hate that the product does not match the description...using their words ""Renewed products work and look like new""."
191,"I ordered the space gray with 256 gb of ram and received a silver with 128gb.  I knew this could happen as the picture did not match the description and I had seen other similar reviews.The good news is it was on time and in flawless condition.  I think I will stick with it and not press my luck, as it is still a fair price and a great machine, but beware."
192,"I have to admit, I don't typically write reviews and I was a little hesistant about the product due to some 1 to two star reviews. The space gray model not only is at a great price, it came to me brand new. With all the specs I was expecting, i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD, and works like a dream. Battery life is great, setting up was easy, and all my Apple Products (iPhone, Apple watch, Earpods) synced with no issues. I'm not sure as to why there were so many negative reviews, but mine is not one of them. SO HAPPY!! I truly recommend."
193,the battery is dead
194,"This product arrived quickly and looked great.  There have been multiple glitches with the power switch and with the screen ever since it's arrival.  Most of the time the power button would require multiple attempts to push before the computer would power up.  When the computer woke from sleep state (opening lid after its been closed for at least fifteen minutes) the screen would be black and then all pixelated.  Most recently, the computer wouldn't even turn on, when it finally did, it was all reset and all the settings were reset.  I lost everything I had put on the computer over the past day.  The seller still hasn't gotten back to me after email and I left a voice message.  I have now initiated a return as I want my money back.  It would have been nice if they had gotten back to me ASAP when I emailed or when I called (during normal hours of operation, by the way) and it went to voicemail.  The fact that they didn't and the computer kept coming up with other issues.  I now will buy a new one.  The value is not there with the aggravation generated."
195,"Multiple reviews mentioned getting devices with used batteries, screen issues, etc.My laptop arrived through FedEx Express with questionable packaging. But everything was intact and fine. The laptop still had the plastic wrapped around it as MacBooks directly from Apple do, even with the screen cover. Only 3 battery cycles out of the box, with a new charger in the box. I am very satisfied with the purchase although in the Q&A section of this product someone mentions that this is a 2018 model, its not, its a 2017 (At least the one I received.) which for me isn't really a big deal since it arrived in exceptional condition. Highly recommend this MacBook."
196,"Delivered to me within 12 hours of purchase... Sealed in original apple packaging with protective film, blemish free, not a scratch.. Mint.its powerful, Ive already loaded some big task audio software and broadcast software on it and its flying through the multiple processes together at ease... (Logic 10.5 / Traktor DJ 3.0 / OBS)Super light and portable, If this is a MacBook Pro then I can't even imagine how light the Air models are. Nor could I even imagine why you may need something more powerful. I am having to adjust to the new keyboard and Touch Bar, I keep hitting Siri and volume settings, even as I type this.id also recommend getting a keyboard cover as well.... I hear these keyboards go out sometimes and to repair it. This is no fault to the reseller, but I can't believe Apple with their price points don't offer a bigger SSD for the lowest price point.... 128gb is laughable so be prepared to buy an external SSD along with a Thunderbolt 3 / USB-C Hub to run hdmi, and various external accessories.Overall I love this computer so far, it was a nail biter as I rarely ever shell out $1,000 on anything but I'm very pleased and satisfied with my purchase. And I still cannot find a better deal on the internet, not even used on Facebook marketplace, letgo or craigslist....Five stars"
197,So not worth it. All they want to do is take your money do NOT BUY THIS ONE! Its used and if you search apple on amazon they have brand new with higher stats for cheaper.
198,"Just received this, but so far so good. It looks BRAND NEW. There are literally NO signs of cosmetic wear or damage. It arrived in a sealed apple box. I’m finishing setting up and I already love it. For just under $1,200 for a 2019 model, this is a GREAT deal!"
199,"I really love my MacBook. I really love this laptop. I'm a huge MacBook fan and this works like new. So far I don't have a problem with the butterfly keyboard, but I heard bad reviews about the keyboard from watching YouTube videos. I think that they may have fixed the keyboard problem when they refurbished the product??? I'm not sure, but honestly this a really great laptop for a really great price. I do wish that it came in the original Apple box and packaging, but it wasn't far from the really deal."
200,"It looks and feels brand spanking new! Definitely happy with my purchase considering that I bought a brand new 2020 MacBook Air and hated it. Returned it back in 2 days. I paid a lot less for the Pro than the Air and its A LOT better with so many features. I’m not trying to persuade anyone out of getting the Air but if you are considering on buying a MacBook my advice would be to just go ahead and get the pro. The Air reminds me of a google chrome book slapped with an Apple logo on it. Not saying that google chrome books are bad, but there’s no need to pay a full band for the Air when you could find something similar and a lot cheaper. All in all I really love this laptop."
201,"Bought this laptop with some apprehensions, as i have typically bought refurbished goods from apple directly. This was my first from amazon, and i was not disappointed. The notebook was flawless, not a single scratch on it. second, all the accessories where flawless as well, not signs of usage. When i powered on the notebook to verify usage, the battery had cycled only 3 times, meaning it was still in new condition. Very highly recommended seller. Thanks for a pleasant transaction."
202,"This laptop looked new, straight from Apple store."
203,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen arrived damaged, what a scam.!"
204,"Although I was very skeptical about purchasing a ""refurbished"" MacPro, after reading the reviews for this company, I made the purchase.  The MacPro arrived earlier than expected, expertly wrapped, included Apple certified, and in NEW condition.  There is no way I could tell it was not new or refurbished.  The price was the best I could find after researching other sellers.  I would highly recommend iPower Resale Inc to anyone looking for a MacPro.  Their customer service is exceptional.  Thank you for a great product!  5*****"
205,"When I looked at this product it only had one review and it was a bad one... I then checked all the other products the seller sold and the reviews were excellent, needless to say I took a chance and ordered this MacBook Pro 2019. It arrived before anticipated and it was securely package. I AM SO GLAD I took a chance on them because this MacBook is amazing! Now I’ve waited a couple months before reviewing it to make sure it works. The MacBook looks brand new, it didn’t have any dents or scratches. It works and performs like a new MacBook. I had to contact the seller over the a small issue with the charger and they went above and beyond to correct the issue.Excellent customer service excellent product. I recommend this seller to anyone!"
206,This is by far the best laptop ive ever owned! The laptop came with 0 scratches and only 16 battery charges on it. It even came with the apple box and stickers! Highly reccomend for the price. $850 is great for a 2019 macbook air.
207,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Everything I expected and more! Just like brand new!"
208,I love this laptop so so much. I think everyone should get it. The model is between 2018-2020 and the one I got had the Touch ID on it! Everything was very easy to set up and is in such great quality!
209,"Received in a timely manner.  Will review in a couple weeks.Well, it's been over 2 weeks since receiving my MacBook Air and I have to admit that it has proven to be worth it's price. The Retina display is phenomenal and it's compact chassis is just what I was looking for. I am not a power user, so I didn't need major memory capacity. The speakers are, surprisingly, crisp and clear for such a slim build. The fingerprint scanner is quick and a huge convenience. I am (or was) a long-time PC user and resisted getting an Apple, but the transition was smooth and Apple's claim to fame for being user-friendly and intuitive proved true. If you are looking for a compact, yet capable laptop with QWERTY keyboard, I would recommend this product."
210,"After having the laptop a few months, I can say my leap of faith to buy an amazon refurbished was worth it BUT I had to work a little bit.  It didn't arrive perfect and it still isn't perfect.  There is a tiny white dot on the screen where some pixels died (I guess) and when I first got it, I had to call Apple support to get iMessage and Facetime to work on it.  Then I had to take it to the Apple store to get the keyboard fixed as some keys would not work.  Thankfully, I had Apple Care on it so the cost to get it shipped off and fixed wasn't bad.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I recommend this seller, but I will probably buy new next time."
211,"** I have only had the laptop for a week, this review is only based off of the time I have had it**I was so nervous to buy a refurbished computer but this came like it was brand new. New packaging, new charger, spotless laptop. I was worried the battery would be bad and wouldn’t hold a charge. I was wrong. I downloaded over 12,000 photos and was on it nonstop for over 2 days without even having to charge it. I am in love with this!!!"
212,"As in the description exactly, thank the seller for the fast shipping and good packaging"
213,I love this laptop and I’m really happy with all the features. Would definitely recommend.
214,Exactly as expected. Great value.
215,"The product made a loud buzzing/grinding airplane-type noise as soon as it finished setting up which was truly deafening. I presume it was the fan producing this aggravating sound. No programs were running and the room was approximately 68 degrees Fahrenheit so overheating should not have been an issue. Since no computer should ever sound like a coffee maker at any time, I must conclude that it was defective. Return to sender."
216,Exceeded my expectations! Some of the reviews had me a bit nervous but I can’t tell you how happy I am! The laptop is on almost brand new condition! Only 1 TINY nick on the front (you can’t see it unless your looking) and it was perfectly ready for me to set up my account! No issues or problems! It comes in a box perfectly protected and has the charger to go with as well👍🏼 So happy with it! Thank you!
217,"I was so excited because this laptop came in perfect condition. But when I tried to change the unsername to my name it wouldn’t work. 3 calls to Apple later, and I find out this computer is owned by a school that can remotely access my laptop at any time. Meaning, if they wanted to they could shut down and erase my laptop. Amazon gave me a full refund but I am very sad and disappointed"
218,"All in all, the laptop works great! It runs fast, it’s clean, and it’s perfect for what I needed it. The one disappointment I have it they claimed this product as a catagory A which means like new. When it arrived, the screen had two scratch marks on it that was discolored from the rest of the screen. I would understand like new for any other part to have a scratch, but the screen is a big deal and it should have mentioned that in the details."
219,"This MacBook Air is amazing!  I had been previously using a 2007 MacBook Air and it was time to upgrade.  I have never purchased refurbished before so I really didn't know what to expect, though was greatly concerned.  Needless to say that this laptop heavily exceeded my expectations.  Other reviewers stated that their MacBook was not as described, though mine looks brand new.  The keys are still crisp and clean, the screen immaculate.  There are a few light scratches on the outside of the computer (mostly the underside), but it is very minimal and unnoticeable.It runs like a dream, though I have only begun using it.  I will update should the computer have any issues.  It is an early 2015 with 4 GB RAM and its OS is Sierra.  I wanted to share that, as I found the Q&A to be a little confusing on that point and other reviews didn't really mention it."
220,"When I received this package, I was thrilled...until I tried to turn it on and got a “low battery” notification...for 16+ hours. Turns out the cord provided (not a Mac product) is not the correct wattage to charge this device. It’s hard to tell at this point if the computer is faulty or not now that I’ve purchased a new cord from Best Buy, but it shuts down as soon as it’s disconnected from power. The screen is pretty floppy, too- falls back without provocation. All of which seem like things that should have been mentioned in the details before I decided to purchase.After taking this computer to the Apple store, I was informed that the issue was indeed the battery- completely bad and had to be replaced. Again, something that I wish I had known before purchasing. It is in working order now, but doesn’t meet my standards of what “certified refurbished” means, and product details lacking for sufficient purchasing knowledge ahead of time."
221,"It said I had to do an update. When I hit the only update allowed it said the latest version was already installed but it wouldn’t let me go foward.  Also the screen seemed loose.  So if it was cleared out they never installed the new software correctly. So it wouldn’t let me even get to the main screen.  Others had luck but I did not.Also when I plugged the power bar in. It had a bit of a shock come out. As an electrician, I know that was a big no no.  I was willing to spend the money and get the correct power cord. But with everything else. I thought that’s already 3 strikes. No thanks."
222,I was very hesitant buying a used MacBook from Amazon but it turned out great! Looks new and works amazingly. You will receive exactly what was described. I have no complaints!
223,"Good quality, arrived early. As-new condition. Easy to install from my old machine via time machine backup. The old one was a 2010, now we are good for another 5-7 years.Thanks"
224,I have been struggling with this product since day one. I am not getting responses from the seller OR the extended warranty repair company.I have never had trouble with Amazon before. Every issue I have ever had has been settled with ease and courtesy.This has not. Made more devastating as it it is the largest purchase I have had and the product has been unusable almost since day one. We sent it to the extended warranty place who said they fixed it but it still doesn’t work.We have spent hours at Apple doing diagnostics and it is simply not functional. To repair it would cost more than I paid. They do not think that the parts it was refurbished with are even Apple parts.This was a terrible product and not worth the money.
225,"I bought this Mac and it came with a non Apple charger, I bought this as travel computer, sure enough in the first week while I was in Europe I had to buy am authentic Apple charger at $117. Now a month  later my Mac has died. It was having issues as in when I tried to maximize the scene with Netflix it would just shrink to a 3x5"" screen volume,  also the screen had been replaced before I bought it and is not well attached, very disappointed, I bought this last summer, but only started to use it in October when I was traveling, so I spent close to $700 for a Mac that lasted 2 months, return and replacement window has ""closed"" so I am stuck with a hefty repair bill."
226,"Was very iffy about buying refurbished but it’s honestly like new! There are a couple of LITTLE scratches but nothing noticeable! Compared to my friends MacBook Air that she paid 1100$ for and they are the absolute same. Best $500 I’ve ever spent. & the company is AWESOME! The charger didn’t work as soon as I got it & I emailed them. Within an hour I had an email from them and they were sending me a new charger, thankful my friend had her charger that I used until I received mine but the battery last like 2-3 days so it wasn’t that bad."
227,"Seller: IT5050Wowie! My son wanted an Apple Computer for Christmas and I was not about to spend $1000+ on a laptop for a 11-year-old boy. But a refurbished MacBook was definitely priced more appropriate for him. This computer is AMAZING people!!! Looks so clean and new. Only a couple faint scratches on the bottom, the keyboard looks like it was hardly touched, screen is clear and no burn marks in it, plus the battery is great. The seller was so awesome to get me this gift in time for Christmas, they are quick to respond to emails and followed up to make sure it was delivered afterward. (seriously, the nicest people!) I had purchased another renewed MacBook from another seller, and their level of quality wasn’t as good, by far. I wish I could pre-select a quality grade for the laptop (excellent, good, fair, etc.), so it is a little scary just leaving it up to the unknown. I work in the retail business and I like to applaud small companies who sell quality products. Do yourself a favor and go here, they gave me a laptop that is stellar and eased my worries about a refurbished laptop. It really looks so good and is operating perfectly. This is such a smarter way to buy a computer, especially for kids, or if you like to have the pricier brands without spending the high price. – Happy Mommy!"
228,"Wow! Bought this from TECHarvard and was claimed to be Certified Refurbished, which according to the Amazon description should show limited to no signs of wear.  Well the device that I received not only was pretty scratched on the bottom, had a huge ding on the corner of the top cover, but the keyboard showed more signs of wear than the MacBook that I've had for 5 years(Space bar was completely warped).  Definitely does not resemble a new device in any way shape or form.  If they are selling used devices, call them used and mark the price down accordingly.  This is definitely going back."
229,"Overall the laptop is nice. A couple of marks on the outside but works relatively well. There was an issue with the battery that originally came with it. It would shut off around 65% battery life. I asked the seller for a replacement battery, which they gave to me free of charge. However, the replacement battery is not originally an Apple battery and instead a knock off. This issue prompted it to restart randomly no matter what the battery life was at. I’m putting the original battery back in and having Apple replace it with the appropriate battery for an additional fee. I got what a paid for and I won’t make the mistake of buying a refurbished Apple product from anywhere other than the Apple store again."
230,This is the BEST purchase I’ve ever made! The laptop 💻 arrived on time and in MINT condition. It functions beautifully and works flawlessly for my personal and business needs. I would recommend this seller to any & all I know who are in the market for reliable and affordable devices.
231,"Battery doesnt work! I travel to another country with the laptop and web I turned on and unplug it, it shuts down! And in Battery Options appears ""Replace now"". How you can help me? I'm in Ecuador now and wont be back in a year!"
232,"I love my new MacBook Air, it came as expected (relatively like new condition). This my first Mac and I’d purchase it again refurbished, you save greatly and get almost the same product 😀"
233,Bought certified refurbished ended up with a unit with a screen covered in dead pixels. I contacted apple to see how much a screen replacement should be more I'm looking a repair cost more than I paid for the laptop.
234,"DO NOT BUY!!! I purchased this computer for about two month and one day I couldn’t turn it on after it goes into sleep mode for a long time. It just wouldn’t turn no matter what I do, I tried every single method out there. I had to press the power button a hundred times for it to finally turn on. But after a while even that won’t work. The computer is just dead. I had to take it to the computer store and they told me it costs $434 to fix it!!!! Even though I actually paid to get it fixed I recommend everyone do not buy!! It’s not worth the money and will cost you more!! The guy in the computer store told me that there is corrosion inside the motherboard and in order to fix it it costs a lot of money ($434). I am truly upset and wished I would have just bought a brand new one from apple that’s the newest version and which will cost me less than what I spent on this computer!!"
235,"The laptop worked great the first week. Eventually, things started to decline and quickly.  I would constantly have to change the time clock, and that would prevent many apps from working properly or not at all. I also discovered that my webcam did not work. I asked customer service if I could get a replacement laptop, and they gave me a website to help me fix it myself. It did not work. Also, the computer would start dying very quickly, even after a full charge. I would also not start up automatically, even with the charger plugged in. I had to press to start button almost endlessly for it to just power on. Eventually, it just would not cut on at all, even with the charger plugged in. It’s completely dead. Apple says that it should cut on with the charger plugged in if it were a battery issue, so it’s definitely something wrong with it beyond that and it will cost upwards of $400 to fix. I’m totally bummed. It did not even last a year."
236,"BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER, SHE IS 70 YEARS OLD AND BARELY USES THE LAPTOP.THE SCREEN IS IN THIS STATE, APPEARS TO BE PEELING! VERY BAD!!"
237,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Note: My purchase was completed through Kanga Supply for this item that ultimately doesn't function as intended.Amazon Renewed item descriptions indicate that the products should work and look like new, which wasn’t the case for this purchase, ergo my poor rating. After only having the Macbook for less than a day, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the product no longer functioned as intended.CONSThe Macbook worked fine for the first hour or so of use, but during an update, the screen flickered vigorously (see video). I hoped it was just a fluke, and it led me to believe there may be some software or hardware-related issue. After having the Macbook for less than 12 hours, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the screen flickering caused the laptop to become unusable (see picture). I also came here to draft a review in hopes that my issue is resolved quickly and effectively. I'll update my review once this is complete.PROSAfter removing the laptop and inspecting the outside, I was pleased. The outside of the Macbook is in good condition, just one or two visible scratches or marks.The charger was not the original Apple charger (as other reviews have indicated) but an OEM adapter. I don’t care that much about whether it’s an Apple charger, as long as it functions.Specs match the advertised item I purchased:128GB SSD8GB ramEDIT/UPDATE: After reaching out to the seller as instructed with the Amazon Renewed products, I never got a response in the allotted timeframe (2 business days) and was forced to reach out to Amazon directly. Ultimately, this item was returned for a refund.UPDATE 2: Today is 1/13/2020 and I have still yet to see this problem resolved to my satisfaction (refund or exchange of working product), after having ordered this product on 12/26/2019. Highly disappointed both in Amazon and the third-party seller.UPDATE 3: Received a replacement Macbook on 1/15/2020. So far it seems to be working, no issues with the screen per the previous item received (was NOT the same item sent back, verified by serial number). Pleased so far with this item."
238,"The 2015 Macbook Pro is still, in my opinion, the best Macbook even in 2019.  I use the SD card reader all the time and have several USB 3.0 devices.  I also use a newer 2017 quad-core i7 for work (no choice) but the difference in speed is not worth the added money and lacking ports.  When I actually put the newer 2017 to work, the heat issue is still a challenge for Apple and performance drops.  It's like having power that I can't actually use unless I sit in a walk-in freezer. Don't quote benchmark speed tests to me, what counts is actual performance sitting at my desk for hours at a time working on a project. I also prefer the magsafe power (although this one uses the magsafe II which I like less than magsafe I which had a more solid connection) This one, I purchased for my wife and it handles everything she needs it to do. Although you can't upgrade the memory on these models, so make sure you get enough for what you need.  If you want to change out memory, then the best choice is the Mid 2012 non-retina model which also come with DVD drives and has USB 3.0 ports."
239,"First off, I am removing a star because they shipped a counterfeit 60W Magsafe 2 charger with my order. I contacted them immediately and they offered to accept a return of everything. I explained that the charger was my only complaint and they overnight FedEx'd a genuine Apple replacement for free.""we sent you the wrong adapter for this batch of order and will overnight you the correct genuine one.""So they knowingly ship counterfeit chargers with some of their orders?The computer is pretty good cosmetically and operationally, but not as great as other reviewers. It is an Early-2015 12,1 model, this one was built in 12/2016. There is a crease over the right USB port from somebody yanking a USB plug. The battery has 107 cycles (89% life left). Keyboard and display are in great shape with no flaws. The SSD has no dead cells. It came with MacOS 10.13 installed.Overall its a good laptop and decent refurbishment job.EDIT: Knocking off another star. They sent me another counterfeit charger. Apple would never loosely jumble the cord in the box, a genuine power supply doesn't stay powered on for several seconds after it's unplugged from the main or stay lit green/orange after its unplugged from the laptop and this fake only puts out 25 watts max."
240,"I really feel like I got a great deal on this, mine arrived in brand new condition and it looked like it had never been used. I did see some people had bad experiences but mine was well worth the price tag. The only negative was that the charger provided is third party and not OEM Apple. The box is also generic and not Apple, not a big deal but you just don't get that same feeling opening it up as a new product. I will say that I checked the serial number on Apple and the computer itself was only a couple of years old, so in reality I paid around $450 for an Apple that was only a couple of years old with a decent amount of battery life still left. I only bought this as there was certain tasks that I could not do on my iPad and so I did not need a brand new super powerful computer. This one is great, does not get hot, fans are silent and the display looks incredible.Overall I was very happy with the purchase, it came fast and was like new condition at the fraction of the cost of a new one. I actually waited a few months before writing this review so that I could also include that I have had no issues at all in that time, battery lasts a decent amount of time and no software or hardware issues to report. It also runs the latest OS that I updated it to and I believe it will be supported software wise for some time to come. Completely worth the price!"
241,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The Macbook came in working condition with all original components and an OEM charger but not with the extension cord. The major downfall is the condition of the laptop, for the above average asking price for this model I expected great condition as it is stated to be like new but instead the model I received was in okay condition (not cleaned either, large collection of gunk in hinge vent) at best with a lot of edge scratches and deep cuts throughout the chassis, and some unremovable stains from stickers! And worst of all the battery was at over 500 cylces, the battery life was 4-5 hrs max! thats horrible for whats suppose to be a renewed device! Not satisfied!EDIT:  Avoid this entire listing especially from the seller ''Easymobiledevices'', they ship dirty grade b laptop and have poor costumer service."
242,Once i started running it all sort of problems arises. First major problem is wifi drops off and will not let you connect to wifi. After this happens you cant even turn on/off the wifi. Used guest and still no wifi. Restarting or shutdown and restart will not activate wifi. If you restart it takes so long to reboot. Sometimes it get stuck on the waiting wheel on startup. One out of ten restart wifi will work for a minute but then drops off and you will no longer be able to connect again. I cant say anything physically because it looks fine. Lastly beware it shows and says freshly installed mojave os but it has instead sierra installed. The power cord looks like an imitation and not the original one because from the weight it is not the original one. I can tell because i have multiple macbook at home and that is not the original one. I am pretty disappointed with this seller.
243,"I’ll update 15 days from today.CONS:-Delivery packaging: it was a regular box with one thick bubble wrap to protect the laptop.First glance, the charger seems pretty beat up but seems to work fine.-The outer top of the laptop has a lot of scuff marks and scratches. Sides do as well. Nothing TOO severe.-Bottom have some scratches and wearing on the rubber, not too noticeable.PROS:-Had a full battery-Set up went smoothly with no hiccups.-Outer signature glowing Apple works well.-Opening the laptop, the screen has no visible scratches, cracks, or scuffs at all.-Keyboard has no loose keys and is glowing well.-Trackpad has no scratches and works really well no weird working sides SO FAR.-Software automatically updated to Catalina, kinda wanna wait to update to Big Sur.I’ll update March 13, 2021"
244,"Still a GREAT LAPTOP, arguably the best MacBook Pro 13” ever made, 2 or 3 iterations later! I have had mine for 3 months now and although I was a little disappointed that I got a no-brand MagSafe power brick instead of an Apple brand, it’s caused no problems for me. I have been using Logic Pro X a lot and it runs nice and smooth even with the haphazard way I use it, leaving muted unused tracks all over the place as I learn about things like track bouncing and experiment with every single effect and different audio formats (I feel bad sometimes like I am unnecessarily abusing the laptop, lol) and I haven’t frozen or crashed at all. I have used a few emulation programs for old Saturn, Super Famicom, PS and Dreemcast games that push the 2D sprite and parallax scrolling envelope and again I haven’t had any problems. Only thing I have experienced that has been an issue is the actual Mac OS and it’s limitations with regard to formats, programs that it supports and connectivity with outside developers but I have also been able to get around that by setting Virtual Machines up and GUID partitioning to use whatever other OS I need. This is also not a complaint about the hardware itself but rather the Mac OS software so should not be considered when it comes to the actual MacBook Pro 13”.You will want to upgrade to an NVME M2 SSD at least 256 GB or 512 GB right away, as the 128 GB SSD will fill up within 2-3 months of moderate use and the newer M2s will increase the OS loading speed more than anything else. Luckily you have your pick of great SSDs like the Samsung 970 Evo, etc that you can easily swap in with a $5 adapter, a screwdriver and no soldering (just search YouTube for “MB Pro 13 2015 SSD upgrade”)…The unique things and PROS about this MB Pro 13” are the older style KEYBOARD that doesn’t break like 2016-later model keyboards do, 2 USB 3 ports, an SD CARD R/W and a FULL SIZE HDMI PORT all built in. This is the last MB Pro 13 with any of those ports on board and the fact that you can swap SSD hard drives with no soldering and very little skill needed, all-in with the M2 you get a sexy little powerhouse for half the price of the newer model Pro 13”s (1/4 price of current gen)! The rest (CPU, onboard graphics, sound/speakers) make this laptop a must have that will likely only appreciate in value $$$!Two Thunderbolt 2/miniDisplayPorts are useful if you want to setup 2-3 Screens, but the CONS Are that you get NO ThunderBolt 3/USB-C ports and more and more adapters and devices require that connection these days, though with the USB 3 ports there are ways around it, complicated as they may be. You also CANNOT UPGRADE RAM unless you know how to de-solder the current ram and solder up new ram (accepts up to 16GB DDR-3 in 2X8GB formation) and setup the machine to accept the new ram, which seems a recipe to completely destroy the board/laptop without at least some Mac building & Mac hardware programming know-how, possibly even special equipment.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE MODEL WITH THE AMOUNT OF RAM YOU NEED BUILT IN & a CPU that will be sufficient for you and you won’t be disappointed with this awesome little 6 year old laptop! Don’t get the 4 GB model even if it will “work” for you “short-term”! I got the 8GB/i5 2.9Ghz/128GB and I already regret not paying another $100 for the 16GB ram model, but c’est la vie.Just buy this MacBook Pro 13” while you can, replace the SSD as soon as possible, enjoy it, keep it another 5-10 years and you will likely be able to triple your investment by reselling it assuming Apple stays on their current trajectory with their MB Pro Hardware releases!!!"
245,"Hi, I bought this Macbook Pro 13"" early 2015 and received last week on Aug 23th. The laptop has a good appearance and doesn't have any flaws. However, the charger(45w) packed together with the macbook is not for macbook pro but for  Macbook Air. I just found out today, cuz when I use the charger(45w) laptop cpu temperatures goes up to 65-85 celcius. and I can't use more than 4 hours. But when I charge my macbook with Macsafe 1 (85w, which is for Pro), the cpu temperature keeps 40-50 degree, and it runs around 10hours. I want to change my charger into “MacBook Pro Charger 85w”. Thank you."
246,I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.I can't use the Mac because the hard drive was not reset and the software on the Mac dose not allow you to use it.Also there was no charger.Again very disappointed.
247,"Looks brand new, wrapped and sealed in Apple packaging. Plugged it in and turned it on and let it go. Absolutely no problems, it was automatic and wonderful to have the computer set itself up. Has performed flawlessly as expected of an Apple laptop."
248,"The laptop arrived in fair condition.  The screws show signs of wear so it may have been opened up during the ""renewal"" process.  Old stickers were left on the bottom. Also, the laptop was shipped with a cheap knockoff Chinese charger.  I have no reason to trust this charger so I'll have to order a genuine Apple one instead.Fortunately I don't need this machine to be a workhorse or I would send it back.  This should survive a year at least but I don't trust it as-is - I will wipe the hard disk, NVRAM, and SMC just to be safe."
249,Product was faulty. The charging port wouldn't hold the plug. I returned it. I don't think the refurbishing process is very competent.
250,"This is exactly like the MacBook I was given for work that was stolen on a plane flight. No problems with this as a replacement so far, smooth sailing for 3 months already! I got the protection plan just in case, but I'm very satisfied with this cheaper than new replacement. Will update if there are any issues that arise. Would recommend."
251,"Idk what I was thinking not having an apple in the first place. This laptop is very easy to use, fast, and I’m excited to see how productive I can be with this format. I feel free, nothing holding me back now!! Unlike old pc with unresponsive interface, slow speeds, and constant crashes, this one gives me no problems!!"
252,This laptop was literally like brand new out of the box. So far my daughter is so thrilled with her graduation gift. She is ready for college now!!!
253,"Our first ever Mac but so far its been quite impressive. It was easy to setup and get it going. It works well and very easy to use, turn on/off, carry around and day to day life. Wish the battery would last a bit longer."
254,"BUYER BEWARE!I knew by choosing a refurbished computer, I was taking a risk, but I never expected this. When I received this MacBook Air, I was surprised it was the model Apple stopped making in 2017, since the title said “Newest Version.” I emailed the seller and they said Amazon forced that in the title and told me I could return it. I work full time, am in grad school, and have three kids. I figured with it being an Apple it would last long enough to get me through school, so I kept it. Now, six months later the screen won’t turn on. It’s completely black.I am able to connect to an external monitor and use the computer that way, so I know it’s the display. After trying to adjust the brightness, several resets, resetting the SMC and the PRAM, I called Apple Support. They ruled out all software issues and told me it had to be the hardware.At this point I contacted the seller and they basically told me “sorry, it’s outside of the 90 day window so there’s nothing we will do for you.” I have escalated to Amazon trying to get some kind of resolution. They just confirmed there is nothing they are willing to do for me. They also are not doing anything to penalize the seller, All Out Apple. I'm shocked at Amazon. Shady sellers like All Out Apple will always be around, but I really thought Amazon was better than Ebay in that way. Lesson Learned.There is no reason a MacBook Air should have a display of a completely stops functioning after six months of use, even refurbished. I’m grateful that I had a work-provided monitor I can plug into to do my schoolwork, but if I was aiming to be tethered to my desk, I would have bought a Mac Mini."
255,"Got the computer two days early! this was probably the fastest delivery I've ever received from amazon. I wasn't going to buy refurbished but I really wanted another MacBook and shelling out $2k for a new one was simply out of the question. When I saw the price for this MacBook Air, I decided to roll the dice and buy it. I knew it could possibly come not as advertised, such as having scratches or not being updated as far as software is concerned but when I opened it up it was practically BRAND NEW! set up was simple as can be! only took me 5 minutes to sign in with my Apple ID and all my information was synced between my iPhone and iPad and onto the MacBook Air. There were a few minor scratches less than a couple centimeters on the bottom of the computer nothing that noticeable. the charger doesn't stick as well as I'd like and one of the hinges is half broken off but I've that same issue with practically every MacBook I've ever had. I was really surprised with the quality. it said 2017 version but with all the updates and new iterations its hard to gauge which MacBook your getting I thought I was purchasing a much older MacBook Air than what I got this thing is amazing and the 13 in screen is far larger than I expected it to be feels like a 15 or 17 in display when having it in your hands/ the computer itself is incredibly light, the main reason I chose the air you can carry it in anywhere with one hand and hardly feel it definitely much lighter than my 2020 iPad 11"" All in all if you're on a budget, this computer is the way to go! for $400 its practically brand new and runs like a dream! thanks amazon for this incredible refurbished Mac! love it !"
256,"I don’t what to think I bought 2017 16gb 256 ssd but I received a refurbished 2019 8g 256 perfectly packaged, I can’t put apple care I already call for that but im not sure to keep it because I want a computer of 16of ram but this one is 2019, im gonna give the chance to see how it works, And it cost me the same price of a refurbished 2019 Of apple but those ones you can put apple care"
257,"hola, soy de peru. Estoy contento con la compra, la compre por el precio, y me llego tal cual las especificaciones.(late2018,2.3gz,8ram,256ssd). la bateria llego con 350 ciclos aproxen cuanto a lo estetico, tenia pequeños arañones en un costado, pero nada grave, la pantalla intacta y el touchbar ok. el cargador sellado oem.califico la compra como 9/10."
258,Got a few months out of this before the screen started disappearing intermittently. Then it wasn't so intermittent. I'd have much rather spent the extra money to get a new computer that didn't break than to buy something second-hand and have to decide to repair or replace.
259,"Considering I was 100% ripped off, I would not recommend you purchase from this seller, I did not receive what I wanted, the serial number for a COMPUTER comes up as an iPhone 11... Just.. No."
260,This computer was working fine and all of a sudden the screen went out.  Cost me $640 to fix it.
261,"Delivery was super fast, considering I’m in South Africa. The laptop is simply beautiful, woks well, no complaints, I love it."
262,"Positivo, EXCELENTE EQUIPO!!!"
263,So far this was a steal. Great product for a great value.
264,super machine
265,The space key and some of the keys were not working As they are supposed to. Really sticky
266,"Arrived, boxed well with balloon cushions. Power adapter looked clean but had scratches. Opened up the Lid of the MacBookPro and it looked like it had some sort of disease or cancer & it smelled quite strange too. It had over 50% battery so I carried on with a reset which resulted in an error. Luckily it booted back into Yosemite OS that it had installed years ago, after 3 failed attempts managed to update to Mojave. Of course first things first copy music etc onto, USB stick struggled to go in either of the USB Ports (look at the photos) was also stuck after insertion but managed to pull out, with a hard pull - full force - anger. Had a look into the ports and discovered they were literally rusted dirty like disgusting, this is not the definition of Refurbished - but 2nd Hand or Heavily Used. Be aware, set your expectations right in oder to avoid any disappointments."
267,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I was super stoked upon arrival, began setting up the laptop and within minutes the screen stopped working. Literally pixels. Severely disappointed. I have gotten ahold of kanga and they are working to replace the device but it has now been over a week since I’ve purchased the unit with two day shipping and still have nothing to show for it. I hope they come through on their end and send me a functional unit."
268,"I've only had it for about a week now and this 2015 MacBook Pro is working phenomenally! I was kinda hesitant buying a refurbished MacBook from Amazon, but I can honestly say I'm go glad I went ahead and did. It came extremely fast and right from opening the box, it was as if I had bought a brand new one right from Apple themselves. There's not a scratch, dent, stain, dust or anything on it. So far it's working extremely well and I will definitely buy form this seller in the future and recommend them to others as well! Great price for a great computer."
269,"I’ve had this MacBook Pro going on 4 days and so far so good! It has met all my expectations and more. I grew up using windows PCs. This is my first Apple computer and I’m happy to have made the transition. Wish I did this long time ago but better late then never. If it wasn’t for the packaging and not being in the original box, I probably wouldn’t be able to tell this was refurbished. This is just based from my experience using MacBooks at the Apple store. Also, there was a few minor scratches on the bottom of the laptop.I will revise and change review in a month if any problems. But as of now, my review above is how I feel."
270,"I've only had it for a couple days, but so far this is a great purchase. The thing looks brand new, and I know it isn't. I am replacing an older Mac and just can't afford the prices of new machines from Apple. Using Migration Assistant (an app that comes with Macs) I was able to restore a time machine backup from the old machine, so I've lost nothing in the transition."
271,"When I ordered this product for the first time, it came with a green line on the screen. I contacted the costumer service, they responded very quickly and replaced it.The second computer came with better specs, I was the happiest person... for 2 months though, the computer suddenly stop responding.Other things that are worth saying:- The charger is generic. A generic charger can easily damage the battery of the computer, that could explain my problem.- The second computer they sent, had a sticker that covered the whole low part of the computer (those stickers that are the same color as the computer and are used to cover up very big scratches.Conclusion: they can deliver a great costumer service, but not a working product."
272,"The macbook pro only worked for a short while. It had a charging/powering problem - wouldn't keep a charge at first, then wouldn't power on even when plugged in. Confirmed it was not a charger issue.I contacted the company who said to send it back for repair. Once they received it they wrote saying it cannot be fixed and charged me a ""restocking fee"" in the amount of the purchase of the laptop. Outrageous!! I even had a protection plan for it. After numerous interactions they refused to help and returned the laptop without telling me. THEN they said they couldn't do anything in terms of a refund because I had the machine. Months later they refuse to resolve it and amazon can't help me because it's a third party seller. An ABSOLUTE JOKE of a company. I'm out over $500.00 with a computer that can't be fixed - and Apple store said they could try but for more than the computer's worth. So yeah. They have my money and I have nothing.DO NOT BUY from these people if you'd like to keep your money."
273,"Hey all! So I’ve gotten into photography lately and needed a upgrade from my old 2012 MacBook Pro and 2011 Asus laptops for editing. Figured a 2015 model would be the way to go for a decent upgrade without spending tons of money. I was super skeptical about buying a reconditioned one through Amazon after reading the reviews and thought about it for about 4 hours before I made the transaction. Next day it was at my door step with me a bit nervous about opening the package and seeing a beat up MacBook, I opened the box and the MacBook was in a bubble wrapped sleeve and that’s it. Okay I’m fine with that but what was the condition of it? Looks like it barely got used or the previous owner always had a case on it. Outside from a few nicks here and there it’s flawless. Turns on and is super quick, the Retina display is beautiful and definitely enjoyable to watch movies. It came with Mojave so the first thing I did was update it to Big Sur and it’s still flawless. I’ve only had it for a day if that but so far I’m happy with my purchase. Just be mindful yours may or may not be like mine condition wise I got lucky. Should you buy one of these? I would I’m pleased with my purchase and I’m sure you would be too. But I’ll update with any issues if they come up in the future. Thankfully I’m a bit tech savvy so whatever happens I’m sure I can fix it."
274,"This of course this is an old model and reconditioned/renewed, so I was expecting it to look somewhat used; however, this MacBook Pro is in PERFECT CONDITION as if I had purchased it new. I'm upgrading from a very heavy and slow 2009 white MacBook that's a dinosaur and I could only do very basic things on it. It has almost zero capability in terms of battery life (it could only be used plugged in) so this laptop is an absolute gem in comparison. This might be why I'm so hyped and elated. Plus the price was very good. *I hope the computer doesn't have some sudden glitch and dies on me...lol!Now, I can finally edit my videos in iMovie, which was not working on the old MacBook, because I couldn't update it anymore. I need this laptop mainly for traveling, to do editing work, I have a 2 monitor PC set-up at home. My only wish is that I could transfer my Adobe CS to the new laptop.SIDE NOTE: it's actually overall a little smaller than my old 13"" (screen size is the same), it's not as heavy, but not as light as the Air; it arrived with Catalina iOS installed and I had to upgrade to Monterey to use the newest version of iMovie - this isn't a complaint, just an observation."
275,"I bought for my mom, great deal (sort-of), works great (after I deleted 2 mysterious old unknown wifi connections)I bought this for my mom, she was always having Windows problems, viruses disguised as virus removal, scammy pop-ups, and so on.  Happy day!  :DThey raised prices during Prime Day, wth?  I thought I was getting a good deal, but afterward I noticed the price went down.  Anyway, I ordered this for my mom.  She's been using Windows and I wanted her to experience a Macbook Pro.  This one is actually even better than mine!  I'm still happily using a Late 2013 2.4 Ghz 8 RAM 256 GB 13-inch Retina, her's is exactly the same except it's a Early 2015 and it's actually got 2.7 Ghz!  Anyway she seems really happy with it.  I set it up for her, and ran the serial number, which was not found, not surprisingly although I'm not sure what that means, and the update page in the App Store looks like it was coded in 1995, so I'm not sure what's up with that.  Could be something funky going on, but all I know is it works and we're happy with it.  She's getting used to using it, and she says it's fast and smooth.  She was getting tired of all the Windows updates and virus stuff and all the spammy popups telling her to purchase a virus disguised as virus removal, yadda yadda yadda, so I am well-pleased that she is now almost a full-blown Mac-head.  Thanks Apple.  I hope to be able to afford an Apple car when they do come out, haha.  I'm not sure about the battery-life yet, but I HAD TO replace the battery on mine, so replacing it on hers should not be a problem."
276,It’s just one continuous problem after the other with this computer. It’s really not worth it to save a little bit of money just buy new not refurbished have your warrantee you’re better off in the long run.
277,For this being my first ever Mac- This was an amazing buy... no scratches or dents. Its basically BRAND NEW. 😝😝😝The only thing is that it says 512gb but the space says 256gb so be wary of that.But other than that I am really happy with my purchase.
278,Good
279,Love it
280,"the product arrived with the screen broken. I would like a refund of $ 400 to repair it, since he is now in Brazil."
281,So happy with this purchase. Even my kids said it looks like the new ones. Has some minor imperfections but at the cost totally acceptable. Would definitely purchase from this seller again.
282,"I purchased through amazon this m1 chip 512 gb 8ram macbook pro 2020 year manufacture.  I’m a mac user of many years.  The computer is blazing fast, slim, light with great battery life. A huge bonus—-little need for additional  anti virus add on software since the macbook anti virus platform is very solid. A hidden gem when you buy any apple device is phenomenal tech telephone support.  The advisors at the apple stores and by telephone are the best part of the apple experience for me and even rival the devices they sell. Yes, I hate the high prices and know the game but over time I’ve  accepted their price points because of the incredible tech support."
283,battery would not take any charge  stuck at 1%
284,"I cannot believe the condition my Macbook is in, you can’t even tell if it’s used and the packaging was very nice and professional with the white box and wrapped just like it is when you get it directly from Apple. I am super happy with my purchase, thanks Amazon."
285,"Good, but it is a little small.. easy to control. Recommend if you are hard to control your computer"
286,Computer will not charge.
287,"""Refurbished"" even though Battery life was non existent from the startup, always check the reviews on laptops to make sure they have over 200, cause then you won't be played by greedy ass people like I was"
288,"Minor scratches , for the price reduction is a great buy !!!"
289,Light weight
290,"El producto reacibdiocionado en muy buen estado, funciona perfectamente y venía totalmente protegido y embalado. Muy satisfecho con la compra"
291,"Looks and acts brand new. Everything exactly as advertised. Will update if I have any issues but after a week I can say, I am pleasantly surprised!"
292,"If you've been waiting for Apple to wake up and address the concerns raised by the Apple community -- your wait is now over. This is the MacBook Pro we've all been wanting for years. This review is for the higher end model, stock.The good.- Keyboard. It's fantastic. The key travel has been extended to 1mm, which is about half of the original keyboard found on the 2015 and prior model years. It feels just as good to type on because apple improved the tactile feedback. The keys sort of spring back. The keyboard is quiet and very comfortable to type on. The keys are slightly smaller but do not make typing on them any more difficult. The directional arrows are now properly setup and the physical Esc key is back, making it a breeze to flip through open applications.- Screen. The difference in size is subtle but noticeable. It's technically even more dense, but just barely. You won't notice much difference from recent MacBook Pros but true to Apple, the display is absolutely gorgeous. The 0.6 inch difference in size retains the same logical resolution, so everything should look just slightly bigger which I welcome.- Processor. The base model has the same chipset as the 2019 15.4"" model. The performance, however, is about 10% better due to significantly improved airflow and larger heatsinks. The issue of heat related throttling has been largely addressed. On the upper model, the machine now comes with 8 cores and serious performance bump. There is literally nothing you can throw at this MacBook that it won't handle with breeze.- Graphics. The traditional setup is still here. You have the onboard Intel chipset, which operates when the demand for visual performance is low. You also have a discrete AMD chip which delivers significant improvement over the previous generation. In fact, the base model delivers performance in excess of the upper spec Vega chipset from last year. The leap is extraordinary. As before, the system will automatically choose which graphics card to use depending on demand.- Sound. In one world, amazing. Imagine Apple took a HomePod and flattened it to fit it in the housing of the MacBook Pro. That is essentially the experience. Bass is pronounced and crisp and treble is sharp. The sound is rich and room-filling. There are six speakers instead of two in the last generation.-Microphone. Major improvements with three mics instead of one in the previous generation. I use the MacBook to make calls using an iPhone and the sound on the other end is clear and free from background noice. I've been told it sounds a lot better than before, but that is of course subjective. On paper, you're getting better noise reduction and improved sound fidelity.- Touch Bar. Controversial in the past, I think it may now be the ""happy medium"" between physical keys and the useful Touch Bar which adapts to the content on the screen. The Esc key is back and on the right hand side you'll find Touch ID and power button.- SSD. You'll love the fact that now base starting size of the SSD has been doubled on both the entry model and the upper model with 512GB and 1TB respectively.- Gaming. This has to be mentioned. The graphics card offers incredible leap in performance. Modern games that would get 14-16FPS on high setting now perform at 35-40FPS with ease. Same settings. Same games. Huge improvement. It's now possible to play AAA games on the MacBook Pro with reasonable performance and high visual settings.- Productivity. This machine is a beast. I use the full Affinity suite and do some limited video editing. In addition, I have multiple productivity programs open, over a dozen Safari tabs, two email clients, and dozens of other apps, such as CRM, task managers, notes, etc. Everything runs smoothly.- Value. Yes, value. This expensive laptop brings the best value in the lineup of the 15.""4 (now 16"") offering to date. If you carefully look at the costs of truly compatible Windows offerings, you'll find the MacBook Pro to be competitively priced.The Bad- Weight. The machine is slightly heavier but I welcome the added bulky. Finally Apple went with functionality over its obsession with thiner and lighter hardware, giving us a machine with proper thermal management, proper keyboard and more. But if you plan on taking it with you places, you'll feel the extra bulk.- BTO Updates. The cost of BTO options is still quite high, with the noted exception of the 8GB option on the GPU. You're still paying a significant premium for each incremental upgrade over the base model.To sum up -- This is the best MacBook Pro in many years. It's a well-rounded, powerful machine that brings about incredible performance and value. I would highly recommend it to any Pro.If you're upgrading from the 13"" model and wonder how much more real estate you can expect, see attached side-by-side comparison photo.Update 3/15/20 -- Absolutely a beast of a machine. I love it. It has been pretty much perfect and its performance continues to surprise me. I have the top-speced model and it smokes pretty much everything I've used to date. In fact, it will perform on par with the new Mac Pro base configuration. Don't believe me? Google it. This is by far the best MacBook Pro to date and an amazing value. Well worth the price of admission if you need it."
293,"The performance differences between it and it's predecessor are marginal, at best ...Yet you are being asked to pay $2400 for membership. Think back to around 2015, when the previous gen entry cost was still $ 2000, then they changed it to $2400. For that, you got shafted with a crap keyboard, a failing display, an identity crisis for a touch-bar, and less connectivity.Now that this latest model came out and people are buying it, they are bolstering Apple's position: never apologize for hardware issues, make ppl pay extra for AppleCare+, give folks a real working keyboard and make it look like they are doing you a favor so the prices are .... what .... justified ?Apple's pricing schemes make you wonder if they think they can get ppl to believe that hardware is actually comparable to a commodity, or something like that.Lastly, you do not know what kind of quality issues lurk behind these new models ...."
294,"So disappointed.....As soon as I added Lightroom and started process photos, the laptop began to ""click"" during the processing phase! Obviously this isn't normal; currently in the process of returning :("
295,"Maybe I just got unlucky, but the laptop I received never really worked.  When going through the setup process, the computer was unable to load data from my Time Machine backup.  I cancelled out of it in an attempt to complete the rest of the installation process.  I had to shutdown and after that,  the machine never worked again.  During the boot phase it just cycled through the Apple logo/progress bar startup over and over and over again.  It would almost reach the end and then stop and restart, but never fully booted.  I returned it, but since it was processed through a third party, I had to pay a 15% restocking fee, so I only received 85% of what I initially paid.  So I had to pay almost $400 for the pleasure of owning a broken Mac for a day.  What a joy!  I complained to the 3rd party and they said the laptop was fine which is baffling since I watched the machine try and boot for half and hour.  I feel screwed.  Maybe I just got a bad product, or maybe Apple has serious quality control issues.  It's seriously making me think of giving up on Macs all together."
296,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   its hardly been a week i bought the MacBook Pro 16"".and i am already facing trouble.whenever i play a video there is a green screen flash coming.i have no clue whats going on.i did not even install any major applications on the laptop too.This is ridiculous."
297,Battery life is supposed to run up to 11 hours yet mine dies at around 1-2. I've been on it right now for about 20 minutes and the battery has dropped about 15%. My laptop also begins to get really hot after using it for a while and I can hear the fans running at their maximum. I'm not sure what the issue is since the sellers are selling authentic apple products. I will be returning and just purchasing from apple.
298,"I have owned the 15.4 Touch Bar model since 2016, I typed on it before I bought it and I knew the keyboard wasn't as good as my 2012 15"", but, it wasn't as bad as some reviewers made it out to be, I'm glad I bought it before the bad reviews. The 2016 was a huge upgrade from the 2012 and I can say the 2019 is a huge upgrade from the 2016.There is no one feature that is absolutely night and day from the 2016, but, every function is better.  Screen quality and size, performance, keyboard (mostly non-touchbar ESC key for me), battery life, speakers, mic and thermal, it's a bit quieter than the 2016. If you have been holding out because you like the 2012 keyboard travel and feel, the 2019 travels further and feels better.I can't personally feel the weight difference in my bag, between laptop, accessories (Jabra speaker being the heaviest) my bag weighs about 9lbs so if it's 9.3lbs I can't feel it and once it's out of the bad I don't tend to move it around. It is a big larger, but, still fits in my small 2 pocket Tumi laptop bag, so the .25"" doesn't bother me either.I'm looking forward to seeing if it's as durable, I got over 300 full battery cycles on the 2016, I expect the same from this unit, but, only time will tell.Hope my experience helps."
299,"Yes, this  gorgeous machine that's fits my needs exactly DID drop dead just now, after running well for weeks. I've read that Apple installs a ""drop dead"" chip in its machines, but I never thought they got the timing as precise as this. Well done, Apple.But now I'm out my 2000 bucks (PLUS) and I have a dead box sitting on my work desk. This is not good, not even for a laugh.I CANNOT contact the seller either. Maybe they all died from the virus, or SOME virus. PLEASE, good folks at Apple and Amazon,  help me!Thank y'all."
300,"OMG!!! This is my 3rd MacBook Pro that I have owned over the past few years, and I have to say this one is by far the best one yet. This is my first Space gray, and I it's absolutely gorgeous and sleek. A very sexy machine. It looks so much better than the silver. A more modern look.The screen is freaking GORGEOUS! The colors, the brightness, so pure and crystal clear. And me being an animator, graphics designer and writer, I can tell the larger screen for sure.My last MacBook Pro was the 15 inch 2015, and I thought I was going to miss the glowing Apple logo, but to be honest, I don't. When I go back on my 2015, it seems so outdated. The mirrored logo looks so much more modern.The trackpad is HUGE, and I love it. My 2015 track pad seems so tiny and disappointing now.I have no idea why so many people say they hate the Touch Bar. I LOVE IT! I can not imagine life without it. It's beautiful and as a writer I love how it recommended the corrected words. I love being able to run through videos, play music and navigate more effectively. It's perfect. Well....almost. The only complaint I would say is it goes dim in dim light. I thing it should be our decision to dim it. Other than that it's perfect. I also love how easy it is to get to the emojis. 😊The Keyboard....OMG! I love it. It's so much better than the 2015. I can type so fast on this thing. It's AMAZING. I also love the backlight. It's so bright in a dark room and it doesn't bleed out like the 2015.And lastly. I LOVE how powerful this beautiful beast is. I can created my animations with no struggle. And it renders at lightening speed which means my fans of my Youtube Channel will get faster animated horror stories from me.If you are caught on the fence if you should buy it. Get off that fence right now, and BUY IT! IT'S 100% PURE PERFECTION!!!! Thank you so much, Apple. Windows users are soooo missing out!👍"
301,Fantastic
302,"This is an unusually large advance over previous models, especially in raw computing power, but also in fun things like screen and headphone support.This Amazon listing has two different processors, the M1 Pro (listed as 16-Core GPU ""style"") and the M1 Max (32-Core GPU). I'll call one the Pro, the other the Max. I got the base Pro, but much of what I'll say applies to both, and I'll have some comments specifically about the Max too. (MBP below = MacBook Pro.)Amazon doesn't offer most of the options you can get, only the ones listed. For now (and probably later), that's the Pro with 16GB RAM and 512GB or 1TB SSD, or the Max with 32GB RAM and 1TB SSD. 3 versions total.Screen Brightness* and HappinessThis screen can get up to 1600 nits brightness and can sustain full-screen brightness up to 1000. That's very impressive, as MBPs since 2016 have topped out at 500.*But the vast majority of the time, this screen will also top out at 500, because those other numbers are only for HDR (high dynamic range, what Apple calls XDR), i.e. some videos and some photos viewed in some programs. If you're browsing the internet, using productivity apps, or the like, those are almost all SDR (standard dynamic range). You'll be seeing them at the same brightness as with MBPs for the last five years.That said, the new screen is beautiful and bright in both HDR and SDR for most situations. For HDR, it puts out more color and brightness, and darker blacks - a million-to-one contrast ratio - with a wider range of light and color that has more pop and more detail in shadows and highlights. It can be dazzling or just more realistic.For SDR, it's much like before, still a gorgeous screen, with better contrast than before because of darker blacks.Has more pixels per inch (254, up from 226), and more pixels all over (3456 by 2234, up from 3072 by 1920). The aspect ratio remains 16:10 (not counting the top menu bar).ProMotionProMotion is Apple's name for screen refresh rates that can go up to 120Hz, or lower to save processor/battery power when 120 isn't needed. This makes motion smoother, more natural.For now where ProMotion applies is limited. Most scrolling in browsing, including with Safari, still tops out at 60Hz. Which is fine for me, but it bothers some people, looks choppy to them. This could be changed with a software update.Bloom and GhostsBloom is when a bright spot on a dark background bleeds out past where it's supposed to be, a common issue with this kind of screen. I and most others think this screen handles it well (better than the iPad Pro), but it can still arise some.Ghosting is when a moving object leaves a noticeable trail of ghost images behind for a fraction of a second, one for each new frame until the old image fades. MBPs are notoriously mediocre at this kind of ghostbusting, and this screen is no exception. Expect the usual haunting, if you notice that kind of thing.PWMFor those concerned (you mostly know who you are), there is PWM (pulse-width modulation) on the smaller 14"" version of this screen, and so very likely on this one too, at a frequency of 14,880Hz at all brightness levels (measured by NotebookCheck). That's a very high frequency, considered well beyond what would cause trouble for the susceptible.The NotchAs you can see in the main photo here, there's a black Notch at the top of the screen. There are no pixels there. The long-desired improved camera is there, and a mic array and light sensor (and maybe room for a Face ID system if they decide to make MBPs with that). As with the iPhone Notch, it's controversial.You can make the Notch disappear, or rather blend in, if you make the background up there black. It also disappears into the black bars when you view things like videos in full-screen mode.The cursor disappears into the Notch if you put it there. If an app has menu items that stretch there, they disappear too, but they'll still function normally if you put the (invisible) cursor on them.Desperate times call for desperate measures. Most apps won't have this trouble, but if you must, you can avoid menu items disappearing by using the ""Scale to fit"" function, which shrinks the entire screen work area a little to fit below the Notch. Makes it look like an old 15"" if the background is black, like there are wide black bezels. (Google ""Scale to fit below built-in camera"" for full instructions and mockery.)There are also third-party apps, such as Bartender, to manage how items appear in the menu bar and keep them visible.Camera and MicsThe new camera that, along with the thinner bezels, makes the Notch necessary, is 1080p, with an f/2 lens for good exposure in the shadows. Video looks noticeably better than before, though it can have a processed look.The three mics sound very clean and natural but with a little less bass than before to my ears, which is fine.Extra ScreensYou can use two external monitors with the Pro, down from four with previous models. They can be up to 6K @60Hz with a billion colors. The Max can still use four: three 6K and one 4K, all @60Hz etc.You can use 4K @120/144Hz HDR monitors too.You can run two from one port if you use the right kind of dock or daisy-chain.Headphone OomphThe new headphone jack has more power for high-impedance headphones. It automatically adjusts, so it won't overwhelm low-impedance phones. If the headphones have less than 150 ohms impedance, they get 1.25 volts RMS. If more, 3 volts. That might cause it to fail to provide enough power to some not-so-high-impedance headphones that still require extra power, such as planars.With my 2016 15"" MBP, I've had to use a portable amp for my Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pros (250 ohm), but now I can pretty well do without it, though sometimes only just. The volume on some sources is still not always what I wish I could make it. But now I can nearly achieve hearing loss with the intro to the guitar riff in ""Money for Nothing."" Which also sounds good, and healthier, a couple notches down.Among other headphones that have tested favorably with the new jack are the DT 990 Pros (250 ohm), and the Sennheiser HD650, 660S, 6XX, and HD800 (150 to 300 ohm).One report says the planar Hifiman HE4XXs (35 ohm planar) sound good, but most planars tested are said to need more power. The Audeze LCD-2Cs are reported to sound good enough, though not their best. The LCD-3s and Hifiman Sundaras and Aryas are said to be underpowered.For my usual regular-impedance phones, Cleer Flow IIs (16 ohm), the wired volume is a little louder than before, though still not always the earsplitting barrage I want for some sources. Maybe for the best.Quality iems (in-ear monitors) that require especially clean input, but not too much, reportedly sound good, including Andromedas and Moondrop Starfields.SpeakersThey're improved from the already laptop-leading speakers from earlier MBPs, with a fuller sound and decent kick, amazingly good for when nothing with a 3"" woofer is around.Apple mysteriously says the 14"" M1 has the same speaker system, but looking inside both machines shows the speakers in the 16"" are bigger - both ""subs"" and tweeters - and located differently, with the subs in the front corners on this one. The 16"" has fuller bass (such as it is).Heat and NoiseThere isn't any.None with my typical use, at least. If you push it hard, it can get warm, but not as hot as my 2016 15"". Which makes sense, as this has a larger enclosure, bigger fans, larger, better heat sinks, and more power-efficient processors. The fans don't have to spin up as much to do the same amount of cooling, so it's noticeably quieter even when it does heat up, rarely makes any noise at all.The 16"" Max comes with a larger heat sink than the 16"" Pro, so likely runs a little cooler and quieter sometimes, though the Max might get hotter when it uses a lot of that extra power.KeyboardVery quiet, much like the older Mac laptop keyboards, not the butterfly ones from 2015-19, but the rest. Maybe less travel in the keys than some of those, but plenty for me.I miss the touch bar sliders for fine control of some functions, but you can still use sliders via the Control Center, the icon next to the date on the screen's top menu bar. That's also where control of the keyboard backlight is, no more control for it on the keyboard.TouchpadThe best available by far, responsive and large so you can carry the cursor over a large area with more control. For clicks, it's great. For taps, which I turn off, it's not as great, according to those who prefer that - appears to be a software issue.PortsThere's one less Thunderbolt/USB-C port than before, but 50% more bandwidth (3 controllers instead of 2).The HDMI is 2.0, can drive up to 4K HDR @60Hz.The SD card reader is shallow, so the cards stick out. There might be room for a flush micro-SD adapter. I only have cards up to 64GB, which work fine. Some people have had trouble reading some cards, so it may be finicky.Battery LifeI usually keep plugged in, but the reviews I've seen that cover battery life tests typically say it's the longest of any similar machine they've tested, including PCs. Reports of battery life for office work, browsing, watching videos, and so on generally range from 10 to 16 hours, sometimes more. It can go unusually long with heavy use too, 5 hours or more of video work, for example. Max Tech did 10 benchmark and stress tests with it in a couple hours, some maxing out the CPU or GPU for up to ten minutes, and it still had 36% left.At normal settings, there's no performance hit until you get down to 3%; until then you can process or game at full tilt. There's a low-power mode that extends battery life by limiting performance, lowering screen brightness, etc. The Max also has a high-power mode, but it seems to only ramp up the fans sooner to help cooling. Apple's description and tests in reviews indicate it doesn't affect performance in any direct way.The Max has tended to have a little less battery life than the Pro in reviews. The only good tests I've seen that compared directly either found negligible differences or up to 15% less battery life for the Max. (Other tests haven't been well controlled.)You can quick charge to 50% in a half-hour. The new power brick is 45% more powerful than before, and maybe 30% larger lengthwise, still small for what it does. You can charge at lower speed with smaller bricks (not included) via the USB-C ports.Size and WeightIt's noticeably heavier than before, about 5 ounces over the previous 16"", and not quite as sleek, but it's sleeker than I was expecting from the photos.RepairabilityHa ha! But really, it's better than it was. Battery modules now have pull tabs so they can be more easily replaced. The screen can be replaced more easily, but if Apple doesn't do it you lose True Tone (which I don't want anyway). The headphone, Thunderbolt and MagSafe ports can be replaced without replacing the logic board. Now rates a 4/10 from iFixit for repairability, up from 1/10 for the previous model.CompatibilityComes with Rosetta 2, which enables M1 Macs to use programs written for Intel Macs, and usually works very well.There's no more Boot Camp, so to run Windows or Windows programs you have to use third-party software like Parallels, which runs Windows by emulating a Windows machine (and requires a Windows license), or Crossover, which modifies Windows programs to run on Macs.  Which works best, or at all, depends on the program.GamingWoW *mostly* runs 50 to 120fps at high settings and resolution, depending on the location. Some places can't even manage 50 at those settings, though, but do OK at more compromised settings. Baldur's Gate 3, Diablo III, CS:GO and several others can run at 60-100fps or better at good settings.You can play Windows games via Parallels or Crossover. They generally don't run as well, but some do fine.Most games, including native ones, run quite a bit better on the Max, with up to 2x the fps. Final Fantasy XIV is hit and miss at good settings even with the Max.Gaming isn't usually hot or noisy, can get warmer with light fans for the games that aren't running natively. And there's no noticeable performance hit for gaming on battery.WorkI have to mention the less fun part: how well this does things you might have to do at work. It does almost all of it better than before, much of it way better. Here's how it compares according to actual test results from numerous sources with Xcode, Logic Pro, Lightroom, Blender, Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, and so on. The range of comparison depends on what the task is.Previous base MBP 16"" (Intel i7 AMD 5300): The Pro is 60% to several times faster.Previous top-spec'd MBP (i9 5600M): The Pro is about the same to 2 or 3 times faster.Regular M1 machines (not M1 Pro or Max): The Pro is about the same to several times faster.The 14"" M1 Pro with same specs: The same, though the 16"" has the bigger battery and heat removal system, so it fares better in those ways.Windows laptop work stations: This is complicated, but the Pro can thrash most Windows laptops in most intensive work-related apps. It lines up very roughly with machines with a good i7/i9 and an RTX 3070, but generally can't keep up with the RTX 3080. The Pro uses a fraction of the power, and so only produces a fraction of the heat and noise, if any. And lasts and performs much better on battery.Pro vs MaxThe Max is about the same to twice as fast as the Pro, mostly between those extremes. The CPU is much the same, but the GPU is double the cores, so the main advantage is in graphics-heavy work.Besides the GPU cores, the Max has twice the bandwidth for memory transfer, two hardware video encode engines instead of one, and some extra cooling capacity.If you're already successfully using a Mac laptop, you don't *need* the Max, since the Pro is already better than what you have. But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from the Max's extra power if you have the money. For intensive video editing, massive photo editing, or better gaming (though cheaper Windows machines will play most games better), the Max has real advantages.To confuse things a little more, Apple (but not Amazon currently) also offers a demi-Max with a 24-core GPU, halfway between the Pro's 16 and the Max's 32. It's a cheaper way to get the extra bandwidth, video encoder, and cooling advantages of the Max. Tests show that in graphics-intensive tasks it operates roughly midway between the Pro and 32-core Max, often more than half, as expected.WarrantiesThis comes with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects that includes free phone support for the first 90 days. If you want to also cover accidental damage (with deductibles) and extend the regular warranty and free tech support to 3 years, you can buy 

AppleCare+ from Amazon

   (link embedded) or Apple. You get 60 days from purchase to buy it, but coverage for accidents doesn't start until you do. (I always self-insure when I can, so I didn't get it.)DecalsLast and least, this comes with two black Apple decals, the sign of true professional Apple equipment."
303,Out of the box unusable for me. This MacBook Pro does not have any USB ports to be able to restore from a previous Mac back up that’s on an external drive. You must buy an adapter. Since I live in a remote area I’d have to order online and wait. You cannot even plug a iPhone12 Pro Max directly into it. The only ports it has are thunderbolt. So even Apple’s own lighting connector needs an adapter. The keyboard is a downgrade from the old keyboard. Solid black plastic instead of plastic keys surrounded by aluminum which were easier to see. Had to call Apple support to download an update because there is no reset option in the System Preferences of OS Monterey. And the update did not work to give it that option. Will have to figure out a different option to remove my account and information to return it. This particular MacBook is defective I believe.
304,I ordered the 2021 16 inch right away as I knew they would probably sell out fast. I had to make sure I had one for my trip I am leaving on soon.  As soon as I opened it the screen would never come on.  Thought maybe it needed charging so I tried that.  Still nothing but a black screen.  It kept making the sound when you open it up even when it was closed over and over again.  I took it to the local Apple Store hoping I could get some answers.  They tired to get it to work and could not either.  They said it is very strange and maybe something happened to it during shipping.  They said since it is brand new it would be best to get my money back from Amazon.  I thought maybe I could just exchange it before my trip but the one I ordered is out of stock.  I will try the 14 inch and see if I like it compared to the size of the 16 inch since it is in stock.  This is a first MacBook Pro I have ever purchased and now I am a bit nervous.
305,"Here are the temperature results for the new cool MacBooks compared to the old overheating intel ones. 91 degrees for the old one near the processor, and 74 degrees on the new ones. Both had been running for hours transferring files nonstop. Amazing. I have been editing video, transferring large files and not once have the fans kicked on. Makes me want to cry."
306,"Finally, this 2021 MacBook Pro cured my depression!"
307,Arrived DOA - wouldn’t start up. Spent hours on the phone with Apple support and still wouldn’t start. Returned - c’mon man!
308,"This laptop is unbelievably fast. Between the screen, battery life, and performance, this laptop is head and shoulders better than any competition."
309,My first ever MacBook. Switched over from PC and I can't believe I didn't switch sooner! On the pricer side but I'm super happy with my purchase!
310,"I have been using my MacBook Pro from 2014 for work until last week when I finally purchased this MacBook Pro. My old MacBook starts up and works as fast as the day I bought it. The only reason I bought a new MacBook was because the battery life was getting low. I probably could have just bought a new battery and it would have been fine.That being said, I did hold out for this MacBook because Apple brought back the ports that I needed. I use the HDMI and SD ports daily. An Ethernet port would have been nice but that’s asking too much. This MacBook has a 2 day battery life and is blazing fast. I use Adobe programs and this MacBook doesn’t even blink when I do live editing. Best laptop I have ever used.I own a business that uses many PC laptops and a couple MacBooks. A PC will never last as long as a MacBook. And, a PC ALWAYS gets slower after 6 months of use. The price is high but you can buy a new PC every 2 years or a MacBook every 7 years."
311,"Coming from a 2019 16in, I feel that this generation is 2 steps forwards, 1 step back.Pros:-Fans are never audible even under full extended load!  This was my #1 issue with my 2019 mac which would have constant fan noise with 2 monitors.-2x battery life-Better screen especially in dark environment or a dark subject-Extremely fast for certain workloads such as video editing and code compilation.-magsafe is back (although I personally don't care for it)-most apps work normally with rosetta emulation, but may have some stutter.Cons:-thicker and SIGNIFICANTLY heavier.-Screen has a notch which is very distracting for me.-Still has some compatibility issues.-Terrible for games.  Only a few titles are supported natively.  I only tested league of legends(uses rosetta emulator), but it was choppy and 1/3 the fps of my 2019 intel macbook.- +$300 base price even though they got rid of intel.-The area I feel apple has made a major misstep is with ports.  I couldn't care less for SD card or HDMI, but everyone who buys this is going to need USB-A.  It's ridiculous that I still have to bring a dongle everywhere just to use my mouse but these ports I never/rarely use are back.Also some developer related tools/libraries aren't working.C# debugger is totally unsupported for example.  Anything that requires gpu hardware acceleration (pytorch) is unlikely to ever be supported in any usable form.  Linux dual boot is unsupported or in early experimental stages.  I also had issues building/running java projects natively, but no issues with rosetta.If you're looking to buy this for an undergrad program, it's probably workable.  However, I'd suggest saving some $ and getting a used mac or windows machine.  Professional devs will be aware of their specific requirements, but I suspect many will need to keep a secondary x86 machine for the foreseeable future."
312,"I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13"" MacBook Pro to the 14"" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13"" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14"" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1"" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13"" model, but smaller than the 16"". I had a 16"" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14"" and 16"" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the ""form factor"" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the ""MacBook Pro"" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14"" and 16"" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13"" had the M1 chip and now my 14"" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13"" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27"" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13"" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14"" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max."
313,"I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this."
314,"M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about ""the notch"" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks ""sharp"" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks."
315,"I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?"
316,sent me base model
317,"I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connects"
318,"I never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it."
319,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!"
320,"This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the ""affordable"" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy."
321,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Sheeeese! What can I say? Apple has done it again 🤪😍 magnificent piece of device I must say."
322,"I pulled the trigger on this thing hoping that the bad reviews were wrong.. some of the comments saying it came dirty and defective definitely gave me pause however, what arrived today was practically a brand new macbook. the device does not show any signs of wear and the battery cycle count is 18, it came with the original power brick and while the cable was used, it was not worn or dirty in any way. While i've only just started using the device about an hour ago, I can tell you that it's speedy and works flawlessly... had I not known it was a refurb when buying it, I would have easily confused it for a brand new mbp.. for those asking, this is a 2017 macbook pro and the specs as quoted are accurate. i'll play around with this thing for a little while and update this review as needed, but so far this looks like a winner!***update***A few months in and it’s still working flawlessly. I don’t regret my purchase for one second, and neither should you!"
323,This is not a 256GB MacBook Pro- they are falsely advertising it as such and then shipping buyers 128GB versions.
324,"Came in used and dirty, and it was not even turn off, I'm gonna return it. So disappointed."
325,"Wow. I cant say enough how happy I am with this laptop! I it arrived early, and for a refurbished computer I swear it doesn't have a scratch, dent, smudge or single flaw anywhere on it! Its fast, the battery is great, its working perfectly! I couldn't be happier with this thing!"
326,"Was excited to receive it and on the outside it had one noticable chip in the case on the cover side (which had a sharp edge to it), but thought that isn't too bad.  But when opening it up the screen in both the top left and top right were broken/chipped/cracked like it had been dropped and they replaced the cover, but not the screen.  This was not acceptable.  Wanted to try it out and ended up learning that some of the keys did not work right (sticky, pushed strange and such), plus the touchpad/mouse was really strange and didn't seem to work correctly.  Too many issues out of the box for me and too concerned that there might be other issues from where it looked to have been dropped and such.  Sending it back and just started that process.  So far the return seems ok....but just hate that the product does not match the description...using their words ""Renewed products work and look like new""."
327,"I ordered the space gray with 256 gb of ram and received a silver with 128gb.  I knew this could happen as the picture did not match the description and I had seen other similar reviews.The good news is it was on time and in flawless condition.  I think I will stick with it and not press my luck, as it is still a fair price and a great machine, but beware."
328,"I have to admit, I don't typically write reviews and I was a little hesistant about the product due to some 1 to two star reviews. The space gray model not only is at a great price, it came to me brand new. With all the specs I was expecting, i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD, and works like a dream. Battery life is great, setting up was easy, and all my Apple Products (iPhone, Apple watch, Earpods) synced with no issues. I'm not sure as to why there were so many negative reviews, but mine is not one of them. SO HAPPY!! I truly recommend."
329,the battery is dead
330,"This product arrived quickly and looked great.  There have been multiple glitches with the power switch and with the screen ever since it's arrival.  Most of the time the power button would require multiple attempts to push before the computer would power up.  When the computer woke from sleep state (opening lid after its been closed for at least fifteen minutes) the screen would be black and then all pixelated.  Most recently, the computer wouldn't even turn on, when it finally did, it was all reset and all the settings were reset.  I lost everything I had put on the computer over the past day.  The seller still hasn't gotten back to me after email and I left a voice message.  I have now initiated a return as I want my money back.  It would have been nice if they had gotten back to me ASAP when I emailed or when I called (during normal hours of operation, by the way) and it went to voicemail.  The fact that they didn't and the computer kept coming up with other issues.  I now will buy a new one.  The value is not there with the aggravation generated."
331,"Multiple reviews mentioned getting devices with used batteries, screen issues, etc.My laptop arrived through FedEx Express with questionable packaging. But everything was intact and fine. The laptop still had the plastic wrapped around it as MacBooks directly from Apple do, even with the screen cover. Only 3 battery cycles out of the box, with a new charger in the box. I am very satisfied with the purchase although in the Q&A section of this product someone mentions that this is a 2018 model, its not, its a 2017 (At least the one I received.) which for me isn't really a big deal since it arrived in exceptional condition. Highly recommend this MacBook."
332,I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA. But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable. Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at home and making zoom calls all the time.
333,"Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours. Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution & bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications (With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there will be a fix soon"
334,"UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1 MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro - and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using ""swap memory"" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful. Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/A) - 2017 12"" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020 Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017 MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful when you have many GPU intensive ""Pro Apps"" running at the same time.I would never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or the dreaded beach ball ""not responding"" issues, or if you have non-Apple programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models, it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac."
335,"The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it with a new one."
336,"Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well."
337,"I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13"" and a 11, both with the previous form factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution) and this new 13"" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great!  2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and looks good with the thin black bezel.  I usually don't go above 50% brightness.- KEYBOARD is good.  Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.  Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is fantastic.  Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC), etc., it has been great.  Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.- LOOKS GREAT.  Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few years old by now) design, looks and feels great.  Form factor is nice and it is a reasonable weight.- NO FAN.  That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap.  Pretty amazing really for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE.  It works great so far on what I have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a laptop using Apple silicon for the first time.  For just day to day use and things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super smooth and fast.  Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it is the base model with 7-core GPU.  Also, things like start up are noticeably faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27"" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH ID is great still.  Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons.  On the other hand, it should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual and a real reason to get this MBA.  Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not really need Face ID if you have the watch).  You can easily send/receive files using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay.  And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still sucks.  Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams, etc.  Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27"" iMac FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS.  Sad that this thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging, DisplayPort).  Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port for other use, pretty lame.  I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH (Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g. Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery.  Easier to have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute, especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem.  Love it so far!"
338,No complains so far.  Very fast and performs great.  I had a 2014 MacBook Air and finally upgraded this year.  This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very happy with this upgrade.
339,"Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new Apple M1 chip.  A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this computer, I have have found several things of concern:1.  my notification center keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2.  my computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS devices (iPhone & iPad).  If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will appear on my mac but not vice versa.  Reminders will not sync regardless of which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET.  THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!"
340,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Bought this laptop bc i needed it for spring semester and i needed an upgrade from my heavy macbook pro. I go to work too so i needed something super light and thin i can just bring everywhere and slide it in my bag.I am obsessed with how fast this macbook is. The battery life is on point. I used it for movies and series at work and it lasted for 3 days. The processor is definitely sooo good. I open so many tabs at once and it has not lagged on me. The keyboard and trackpad is responsive.I love the color. The main reason why i bought this too. 😍😂I have no problems with it at all.Highly recommend"
341,Opened my brand new $1000++ computer and the entire screen was cracked and destroyed. Awesome! Thanks Amazon.
342,"Delivered to me within 12 hours of purchase... Sealed in original apple packaging with protective film, blemish free, not a scratch.. Mint.its powerful, Ive already loaded some big task audio software and broadcast software on it and its flying through the multiple processes together at ease... (Logic 10.5 / Traktor DJ 3.0 / OBS)Super light and portable, If this is a MacBook Pro then I can't even imagine how light the Air models are. Nor could I even imagine why you may need something more powerful. I am having to adjust to the new keyboard and Touch Bar, I keep hitting Siri and volume settings, even as I type this.id also recommend getting a keyboard cover as well.... I hear these keyboards go out sometimes and to repair it. This is no fault to the reseller, but I can't believe Apple with their price points don't offer a bigger SSD for the lowest price point.... 128gb is laughable so be prepared to buy an external SSD along with a Thunderbolt 3 / USB-C Hub to run hdmi, and various external accessories.Overall I love this computer so far, it was a nail biter as I rarely ever shell out $1,000 on anything but I'm very pleased and satisfied with my purchase. And I still cannot find a better deal on the internet, not even used on Facebook marketplace, letgo or craigslist....Five stars"
343,So not worth it. All they want to do is take your money do NOT BUY THIS ONE! Its used and if you search apple on amazon they have brand new with higher stats for cheaper.
344,"Just received this, but so far so good. It looks BRAND NEW. There are literally NO signs of cosmetic wear or damage. It arrived in a sealed apple box. I’m finishing setting up and I already love it. For just under $1,200 for a 2019 model, this is a GREAT deal!"
345,"I really love my MacBook. I really love this laptop. I'm a huge MacBook fan and this works like new. So far I don't have a problem with the butterfly keyboard, but I heard bad reviews about the keyboard from watching YouTube videos. I think that they may have fixed the keyboard problem when they refurbished the product??? I'm not sure, but honestly this a really great laptop for a really great price. I do wish that it came in the original Apple box and packaging, but it wasn't far from the really deal."
346,"It looks and feels brand spanking new! Definitely happy with my purchase considering that I bought a brand new 2020 MacBook Air and hated it. Returned it back in 2 days. I paid a lot less for the Pro than the Air and its A LOT better with so many features. I’m not trying to persuade anyone out of getting the Air but if you are considering on buying a MacBook my advice would be to just go ahead and get the pro. The Air reminds me of a google chrome book slapped with an Apple logo on it. Not saying that google chrome books are bad, but there’s no need to pay a full band for the Air when you could find something similar and a lot cheaper. All in all I really love this laptop."
347,"Bought this laptop with some apprehensions, as i have typically bought refurbished goods from apple directly. This was my first from amazon, and i was not disappointed. The notebook was flawless, not a single scratch on it. second, all the accessories where flawless as well, not signs of usage. When i powered on the notebook to verify usage, the battery had cycled only 3 times, meaning it was still in new condition. Very highly recommended seller. Thanks for a pleasant transaction."
348,"This laptop looked new, straight from Apple store."
349,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen arrived damaged, what a scam.!"
350,"Although I was very skeptical about purchasing a ""refurbished"" MacPro, after reading the reviews for this company, I made the purchase.  The MacPro arrived earlier than expected, expertly wrapped, included Apple certified, and in NEW condition.  There is no way I could tell it was not new or refurbished.  The price was the best I could find after researching other sellers.  I would highly recommend iPower Resale Inc to anyone looking for a MacPro.  Their customer service is exceptional.  Thank you for a great product!  5*****"
351,"When I looked at this product it only had one review and it was a bad one... I then checked all the other products the seller sold and the reviews were excellent, needless to say I took a chance and ordered this MacBook Pro 2019. It arrived before anticipated and it was securely package. I AM SO GLAD I took a chance on them because this MacBook is amazing! Now I’ve waited a couple months before reviewing it to make sure it works. The MacBook looks brand new, it didn’t have any dents or scratches. It works and performs like a new MacBook. I had to contact the seller over the a small issue with the charger and they went above and beyond to correct the issue.Excellent customer service excellent product. I recommend this seller to anyone!"
352,"I got my new MacBook Pro M1 two weeks ago and could not be more happy with it. This machine is absolutely incredible in terms of speed, looks, weight/size, display, and battery life - and texture (it feels so good against the skin on my wrists as I type) and basically anything else you can think of. I also love the space gray color, the new keyboard, the Touch Bar, and the larger trackpad. There are so many options to customize the system to work just the way I like.My previous MacBook was the 2011 model and it still works today, but after 10 years it became too slow and the trackpad had trouble clicking, so after a TON of research, I decided to pull the trigger and get the New MacBook Pro with the M1 chip.A couple suggestions I am able to give after spending almost two months and probably over 30 hours researching the new MacBook are: go with the standard model of 8gb of RAM and the 256 ssd - you can get this on Amazon for $1239 vs $1299 at Apple - so you get to save 60 bucks, and you have the added satisfaction of not having to deal with the snobby nerd losers that work in the Apple Store, who asked me rudely when I went in to get a new laptop ""umm, do you have an appointment? Well, you're going to have to make an appointment if you want to go in the store"". I love Apple products and will never use another phone or computer besides the iPhone and MacBook, but after that experience I will never again give my business to the physical Apple Stores. I mean, seriously, do you really need me to make an appointment to buy a $1300 laptop? Whatever dude.Anyway, in several YouTube videos that compared the 8GB ram model along side the 16GB ram model (costs 200 bucks more), the 8GB performed just as well in nearly every task - and they really pushed it to the limits. The only reason to pay up for the 16GB RAM is if you want to edit 8K UHD videos or are a super serious music recording artist or highly advanced professional photographer - and even then it's not too much of a difference. For the every day user (me or basically anyone who is not a computer professional) the 8GB working with this new M1 chip is mind-blowing, blows any other laptop on the market completely out of the water, and actually even performs just as well as the $2200 15 inch MacBook Pro using the Intel chip. As far as the storage goes, 256 ssd is standard - that's what I got - and you can pay 200 bucks more for 512 ssd or 400 bucks more for 1 TB. But with the Cloud storage available now, you don't really need to keep much on the laptop drive, you can just save it to the cloud.Overall I honestly could go on for hours about every little detail that I absolutely love about this machine. A free one year subscription to Apple TV is also another little perk. But I am still mystified every day at how incredible this machine is. I've been online for over 3 hours now and its still on 92% battery. The new Retina display is brilliant. Everything is perfect. I truly am in love this laptop and would recommend that anyone looking for a new laptop to last a long time and outperform everything else on the market gets the new matchbook 13 inch M1."
353,I bought my Mac from Apple directly not from Amazon. This thing is amazing. Battery life is awesome. Hard to believe that I can work with it all day and do not have to charge at all even with bright screen.No issues with speed at all. I use Matlab a lot and this computer is even slightly faster than my desktop with 12 core AMD CPU and 32 GB ram.Excellent machine. Happy I bought it.
354,"I own over 50 computers and it blows away my 11th gen Dell XPS 13 i7, My surface Book 3, my Ryzen 7 Thinkpad. the first week I got it the battery lasted for 5 days and 22 hrs of use and still had 20% left. I felt guilty and charged it. The Geekbench 5 rating beat all those listed laptops and they had 16 or 32GB of memory and the MacBook Pro M1 had only 8GB of unified memory. The keyboard felt great, the sound was superb, the screen bright, and it was blazing fast in all I did. I'm an IT consultant and deal in Windows based databases and this Mac has now become my daily go to system at home. It has become my new front end."
355,It's a Mac once you go Mac you never go back. This is my second Mac my first lasted almost 9 years.
356,Dead at arrival.... kernel error. Took it to the Apple store they told me looks like a hardware failure and to send it back to Amazon.
357,"I'm going to preface this review with the 1 thing I dislike so we can get that out of the way.I mean let's be honest, that's what most people are looking for when buying a product-the down sides.It has a standard 3.5mm headphone jack EVEN THOUGH apple quit using that on it's handheld products years ago.Not that I care, it's good that they include the 3.5mm jack-but how come they didn't include one for their lightning connector that their headphones come in out of the box? Forces you to either change to a standard headphone jack or BT headphones (probably trying to push their AirPods line).Other than that, I have no issues. It's fast, efficient, reliable and easy to use. If your familiar with iOS on these then it'll be a great addition to the tech team you have at home."
358,"I love my new MacBook Pro!!  It’s the 13” and not too small. It’s very lightweight!  It’s so fast!  I was using an older MacBook Pro from mid 2012. It worked well, just so slow. This one flies!!  I was disappointed that there are no USB ports or CD player. I spent about $65 at Best Buy and got an adapter that works very well!!!"
359,The battery lasts forever and its fast. My last macbook had a pretty good battery and worked very well for years too.The M1 does allow for dual external monitors and there are two usbc ports total. These two things can be worked around with dongles and a video hub but now I have $200 worth of accessories and a tangled mess on my desk.How is a 2020 Mac not compatible with dual monitors but my 2005 HP works great with the same monitor setup?!? I really can't get past that.Get the intel version with 4 USB ports and you can use it in your Covid home office out of the box.
360,"There is no fix for this, and now it can't be returned.  All that money wasted!!! There is a vertical black line on the screen.  I tried to fix it using tips from youtube videos and none of it worked.  Proceed with caution!"
361,"I really wanted to love this laptop. I've had only Macs for years. This was supposed to be an upgrade from my 2014 MacBook Air. I previously had a 2020 16"" intel based MacBook Pro for work configured with two HP monitors. No issues with the monitors and connected instantly with zero effort to get the screens to work with the laptop. Bought this one and connected to my Belkin hub for the HDMIs. Would only connect a single monitor. Googled the issue and found that the new M1 apple chip only supports a single monitor. News to me and I guess I should have researched more. However the low rating stems from the fact that this is a PRO laptop. A professional would want two monitors and should not have to google whether a PRO laptop supports more than 1 monitor when the intel version does seamlessly. Despite this I had planned to keep it and just deal with 1 monitor because of the cost savings over buying the Intel based MacBook Pro and wanted the longer battery life. Now brings me to the issue that made me return the laptop. This laptop just would not configure to show a clear resolution with my monitors. The scale was off and the display just stayed blurry no matter what setting I changed it to on the monitor or the laptop's settings. Tried and tried and just gave up. Returned this and ordered an Intel based 13"" MacBook Pro. No issues, supports dual monitors, and seamlessly integrated to the laptop. No blurry screen and no having to set or change any settings to get it to work. I am floored that Apple would produce a Pro for business that only supports a single monitor. I love Apple but will not buy anything with their chip until the kinks are worked out."
362,This is by far the best laptop ive ever owned! The laptop came with 0 scratches and only 16 battery charges on it. It even came with the apple box and stickers! Highly reccomend for the price. $850 is great for a 2019 macbook air.
363,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Everything I expected and more! Just like brand new!"
364,I love this laptop so so much. I think everyone should get it. The model is between 2018-2020 and the one I got had the Touch ID on it! Everything was very easy to set up and is in such great quality!
365,"Received in a timely manner.  Will review in a couple weeks.Well, it's been over 2 weeks since receiving my MacBook Air and I have to admit that it has proven to be worth it's price. The Retina display is phenomenal and it's compact chassis is just what I was looking for. I am not a power user, so I didn't need major memory capacity. The speakers are, surprisingly, crisp and clear for such a slim build. The fingerprint scanner is quick and a huge convenience. I am (or was) a long-time PC user and resisted getting an Apple, but the transition was smooth and Apple's claim to fame for being user-friendly and intuitive proved true. If you are looking for a compact, yet capable laptop with QWERTY keyboard, I would recommend this product."
366,"After having the laptop a few months, I can say my leap of faith to buy an amazon refurbished was worth it BUT I had to work a little bit.  It didn't arrive perfect and it still isn't perfect.  There is a tiny white dot on the screen where some pixels died (I guess) and when I first got it, I had to call Apple support to get iMessage and Facetime to work on it.  Then I had to take it to the Apple store to get the keyboard fixed as some keys would not work.  Thankfully, I had Apple Care on it so the cost to get it shipped off and fixed wasn't bad.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I recommend this seller, but I will probably buy new next time."
367,"** I have only had the laptop for a week, this review is only based off of the time I have had it**I was so nervous to buy a refurbished computer but this came like it was brand new. New packaging, new charger, spotless laptop. I was worried the battery would be bad and wouldn’t hold a charge. I was wrong. I downloaded over 12,000 photos and was on it nonstop for over 2 days without even having to charge it. I am in love with this!!!"
368,"As in the description exactly, thank the seller for the fast shipping and good packaging"
369,I love this laptop and I’m really happy with all the features. Would definitely recommend.
370,Exactly as expected. Great value.
371,"The product made a loud buzzing/grinding airplane-type noise as soon as it finished setting up which was truly deafening. I presume it was the fan producing this aggravating sound. No programs were running and the room was approximately 68 degrees Fahrenheit so overheating should not have been an issue. Since no computer should ever sound like a coffee maker at any time, I must conclude that it was defective. Return to sender."
372,Exceeded my expectations! Some of the reviews had me a bit nervous but I can’t tell you how happy I am! The laptop is on almost brand new condition! Only 1 TINY nick on the front (you can’t see it unless your looking) and it was perfectly ready for me to set up my account! No issues or problems! It comes in a box perfectly protected and has the charger to go with as well👍🏼 So happy with it! Thank you!
373,"I was so excited because this laptop came in perfect condition. But when I tried to change the unsername to my name it wouldn’t work. 3 calls to Apple later, and I find out this computer is owned by a school that can remotely access my laptop at any time. Meaning, if they wanted to they could shut down and erase my laptop. Amazon gave me a full refund but I am very sad and disappointed"
374,"All in all, the laptop works great! It runs fast, it’s clean, and it’s perfect for what I needed it. The one disappointment I have it they claimed this product as a catagory A which means like new. When it arrived, the screen had two scratch marks on it that was discolored from the rest of the screen. I would understand like new for any other part to have a scratch, but the screen is a big deal and it should have mentioned that in the details."
375,"This MacBook Air is amazing!  I had been previously using a 2007 MacBook Air and it was time to upgrade.  I have never purchased refurbished before so I really didn't know what to expect, though was greatly concerned.  Needless to say that this laptop heavily exceeded my expectations.  Other reviewers stated that their MacBook was not as described, though mine looks brand new.  The keys are still crisp and clean, the screen immaculate.  There are a few light scratches on the outside of the computer (mostly the underside), but it is very minimal and unnoticeable.It runs like a dream, though I have only begun using it.  I will update should the computer have any issues.  It is an early 2015 with 4 GB RAM and its OS is Sierra.  I wanted to share that, as I found the Q&A to be a little confusing on that point and other reviews didn't really mention it."
376,"When I received this package, I was thrilled...until I tried to turn it on and got a “low battery” notification...for 16+ hours. Turns out the cord provided (not a Mac product) is not the correct wattage to charge this device. It’s hard to tell at this point if the computer is faulty or not now that I’ve purchased a new cord from Best Buy, but it shuts down as soon as it’s disconnected from power. The screen is pretty floppy, too- falls back without provocation. All of which seem like things that should have been mentioned in the details before I decided to purchase.After taking this computer to the Apple store, I was informed that the issue was indeed the battery- completely bad and had to be replaced. Again, something that I wish I had known before purchasing. It is in working order now, but doesn’t meet my standards of what “certified refurbished” means, and product details lacking for sufficient purchasing knowledge ahead of time."
377,"It said I had to do an update. When I hit the only update allowed it said the latest version was already installed but it wouldn’t let me go foward.  Also the screen seemed loose.  So if it was cleared out they never installed the new software correctly. So it wouldn’t let me even get to the main screen.  Others had luck but I did not.Also when I plugged the power bar in. It had a bit of a shock come out. As an electrician, I know that was a big no no.  I was willing to spend the money and get the correct power cord. But with everything else. I thought that’s already 3 strikes. No thanks."
378,I was very hesitant buying a used MacBook from Amazon but it turned out great! Looks new and works amazingly. You will receive exactly what was described. I have no complaints!
379,"Good quality, arrived early. As-new condition. Easy to install from my old machine via time machine backup. The old one was a 2010, now we are good for another 5-7 years.Thanks"
380,I have been struggling with this product since day one. I am not getting responses from the seller OR the extended warranty repair company.I have never had trouble with Amazon before. Every issue I have ever had has been settled with ease and courtesy.This has not. Made more devastating as it it is the largest purchase I have had and the product has been unusable almost since day one. We sent it to the extended warranty place who said they fixed it but it still doesn’t work.We have spent hours at Apple doing diagnostics and it is simply not functional. To repair it would cost more than I paid. They do not think that the parts it was refurbished with are even Apple parts.This was a terrible product and not worth the money.
381,"I bought this Mac and it came with a non Apple charger, I bought this as travel computer, sure enough in the first week while I was in Europe I had to buy am authentic Apple charger at $117. Now a month  later my Mac has died. It was having issues as in when I tried to maximize the scene with Netflix it would just shrink to a 3x5"" screen volume,  also the screen had been replaced before I bought it and is not well attached, very disappointed, I bought this last summer, but only started to use it in October when I was traveling, so I spent close to $700 for a Mac that lasted 2 months, return and replacement window has ""closed"" so I am stuck with a hefty repair bill."
382,"Was very iffy about buying refurbished but it’s honestly like new! There are a couple of LITTLE scratches but nothing noticeable! Compared to my friends MacBook Air that she paid 1100$ for and they are the absolute same. Best $500 I’ve ever spent. & the company is AWESOME! The charger didn’t work as soon as I got it & I emailed them. Within an hour I had an email from them and they were sending me a new charger, thankful my friend had her charger that I used until I received mine but the battery last like 2-3 days so it wasn’t that bad."
383,"Seller: IT5050Wowie! My son wanted an Apple Computer for Christmas and I was not about to spend $1000+ on a laptop for a 11-year-old boy. But a refurbished MacBook was definitely priced more appropriate for him. This computer is AMAZING people!!! Looks so clean and new. Only a couple faint scratches on the bottom, the keyboard looks like it was hardly touched, screen is clear and no burn marks in it, plus the battery is great. The seller was so awesome to get me this gift in time for Christmas, they are quick to respond to emails and followed up to make sure it was delivered afterward. (seriously, the nicest people!) I had purchased another renewed MacBook from another seller, and their level of quality wasn’t as good, by far. I wish I could pre-select a quality grade for the laptop (excellent, good, fair, etc.), so it is a little scary just leaving it up to the unknown. I work in the retail business and I like to applaud small companies who sell quality products. Do yourself a favor and go here, they gave me a laptop that is stellar and eased my worries about a refurbished laptop. It really looks so good and is operating perfectly. This is such a smarter way to buy a computer, especially for kids, or if you like to have the pricier brands without spending the high price. – Happy Mommy!"
384,"Wow! Bought this from TECHarvard and was claimed to be Certified Refurbished, which according to the Amazon description should show limited to no signs of wear.  Well the device that I received not only was pretty scratched on the bottom, had a huge ding on the corner of the top cover, but the keyboard showed more signs of wear than the MacBook that I've had for 5 years(Space bar was completely warped).  Definitely does not resemble a new device in any way shape or form.  If they are selling used devices, call them used and mark the price down accordingly.  This is definitely going back."
385,"Overall the laptop is nice. A couple of marks on the outside but works relatively well. There was an issue with the battery that originally came with it. It would shut off around 65% battery life. I asked the seller for a replacement battery, which they gave to me free of charge. However, the replacement battery is not originally an Apple battery and instead a knock off. This issue prompted it to restart randomly no matter what the battery life was at. I’m putting the original battery back in and having Apple replace it with the appropriate battery for an additional fee. I got what a paid for and I won’t make the mistake of buying a refurbished Apple product from anywhere other than the Apple store again."
386,This is the BEST purchase I’ve ever made! The laptop 💻 arrived on time and in MINT condition. It functions beautifully and works flawlessly for my personal and business needs. I would recommend this seller to any & all I know who are in the market for reliable and affordable devices.
387,"Battery doesnt work! I travel to another country with the laptop and web I turned on and unplug it, it shuts down! And in Battery Options appears ""Replace now"". How you can help me? I'm in Ecuador now and wont be back in a year!"
388,"I love my new MacBook Air, it came as expected (relatively like new condition). This my first Mac and I’d purchase it again refurbished, you save greatly and get almost the same product 😀"
389,Bought certified refurbished ended up with a unit with a screen covered in dead pixels. I contacted apple to see how much a screen replacement should be more I'm looking a repair cost more than I paid for the laptop.
390,"DO NOT BUY!!! I purchased this computer for about two month and one day I couldn’t turn it on after it goes into sleep mode for a long time. It just wouldn’t turn no matter what I do, I tried every single method out there. I had to press the power button a hundred times for it to finally turn on. But after a while even that won’t work. The computer is just dead. I had to take it to the computer store and they told me it costs $434 to fix it!!!! Even though I actually paid to get it fixed I recommend everyone do not buy!! It’s not worth the money and will cost you more!! The guy in the computer store told me that there is corrosion inside the motherboard and in order to fix it it costs a lot of money ($434). I am truly upset and wished I would have just bought a brand new one from apple that’s the newest version and which will cost me less than what I spent on this computer!!"
391,"The laptop worked great the first week. Eventually, things started to decline and quickly.  I would constantly have to change the time clock, and that would prevent many apps from working properly or not at all. I also discovered that my webcam did not work. I asked customer service if I could get a replacement laptop, and they gave me a website to help me fix it myself. It did not work. Also, the computer would start dying very quickly, even after a full charge. I would also not start up automatically, even with the charger plugged in. I had to press to start button almost endlessly for it to just power on. Eventually, it just would not cut on at all, even with the charger plugged in. It’s completely dead. Apple says that it should cut on with the charger plugged in if it were a battery issue, so it’s definitely something wrong with it beyond that and it will cost upwards of $400 to fix. I’m totally bummed. It did not even last a year."
392,"BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER, SHE IS 70 YEARS OLD AND BARELY USES THE LAPTOP.THE SCREEN IS IN THIS STATE, APPEARS TO BE PEELING! VERY BAD!!"
393,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Note: My purchase was completed through Kanga Supply for this item that ultimately doesn't function as intended.Amazon Renewed item descriptions indicate that the products should work and look like new, which wasn’t the case for this purchase, ergo my poor rating. After only having the Macbook for less than a day, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the product no longer functioned as intended.CONSThe Macbook worked fine for the first hour or so of use, but during an update, the screen flickered vigorously (see video). I hoped it was just a fluke, and it led me to believe there may be some software or hardware-related issue. After having the Macbook for less than 12 hours, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the screen flickering caused the laptop to become unusable (see picture). I also came here to draft a review in hopes that my issue is resolved quickly and effectively. I'll update my review once this is complete.PROSAfter removing the laptop and inspecting the outside, I was pleased. The outside of the Macbook is in good condition, just one or two visible scratches or marks.The charger was not the original Apple charger (as other reviews have indicated) but an OEM adapter. I don’t care that much about whether it’s an Apple charger, as long as it functions.Specs match the advertised item I purchased:128GB SSD8GB ramEDIT/UPDATE: After reaching out to the seller as instructed with the Amazon Renewed products, I never got a response in the allotted timeframe (2 business days) and was forced to reach out to Amazon directly. Ultimately, this item was returned for a refund.UPDATE 2: Today is 1/13/2020 and I have still yet to see this problem resolved to my satisfaction (refund or exchange of working product), after having ordered this product on 12/26/2019. Highly disappointed both in Amazon and the third-party seller.UPDATE 3: Received a replacement Macbook on 1/15/2020. So far it seems to be working, no issues with the screen per the previous item received (was NOT the same item sent back, verified by serial number). Pleased so far with this item."
394,"The 2015 Macbook Pro is still, in my opinion, the best Macbook even in 2019.  I use the SD card reader all the time and have several USB 3.0 devices.  I also use a newer 2017 quad-core i7 for work (no choice) but the difference in speed is not worth the added money and lacking ports.  When I actually put the newer 2017 to work, the heat issue is still a challenge for Apple and performance drops.  It's like having power that I can't actually use unless I sit in a walk-in freezer. Don't quote benchmark speed tests to me, what counts is actual performance sitting at my desk for hours at a time working on a project. I also prefer the magsafe power (although this one uses the magsafe II which I like less than magsafe I which had a more solid connection) This one, I purchased for my wife and it handles everything she needs it to do. Although you can't upgrade the memory on these models, so make sure you get enough for what you need.  If you want to change out memory, then the best choice is the Mid 2012 non-retina model which also come with DVD drives and has USB 3.0 ports."
395,"First off, I am removing a star because they shipped a counterfeit 60W Magsafe 2 charger with my order. I contacted them immediately and they offered to accept a return of everything. I explained that the charger was my only complaint and they overnight FedEx'd a genuine Apple replacement for free.""we sent you the wrong adapter for this batch of order and will overnight you the correct genuine one.""So they knowingly ship counterfeit chargers with some of their orders?The computer is pretty good cosmetically and operationally, but not as great as other reviewers. It is an Early-2015 12,1 model, this one was built in 12/2016. There is a crease over the right USB port from somebody yanking a USB plug. The battery has 107 cycles (89% life left). Keyboard and display are in great shape with no flaws. The SSD has no dead cells. It came with MacOS 10.13 installed.Overall its a good laptop and decent refurbishment job.EDIT: Knocking off another star. They sent me another counterfeit charger. Apple would never loosely jumble the cord in the box, a genuine power supply doesn't stay powered on for several seconds after it's unplugged from the main or stay lit green/orange after its unplugged from the laptop and this fake only puts out 25 watts max."
396,"I really feel like I got a great deal on this, mine arrived in brand new condition and it looked like it had never been used. I did see some people had bad experiences but mine was well worth the price tag. The only negative was that the charger provided is third party and not OEM Apple. The box is also generic and not Apple, not a big deal but you just don't get that same feeling opening it up as a new product. I will say that I checked the serial number on Apple and the computer itself was only a couple of years old, so in reality I paid around $450 for an Apple that was only a couple of years old with a decent amount of battery life still left. I only bought this as there was certain tasks that I could not do on my iPad and so I did not need a brand new super powerful computer. This one is great, does not get hot, fans are silent and the display looks incredible.Overall I was very happy with the purchase, it came fast and was like new condition at the fraction of the cost of a new one. I actually waited a few months before writing this review so that I could also include that I have had no issues at all in that time, battery lasts a decent amount of time and no software or hardware issues to report. It also runs the latest OS that I updated it to and I believe it will be supported software wise for some time to come. Completely worth the price!"
397,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The Macbook came in working condition with all original components and an OEM charger but not with the extension cord. The major downfall is the condition of the laptop, for the above average asking price for this model I expected great condition as it is stated to be like new but instead the model I received was in okay condition (not cleaned either, large collection of gunk in hinge vent) at best with a lot of edge scratches and deep cuts throughout the chassis, and some unremovable stains from stickers! And worst of all the battery was at over 500 cylces, the battery life was 4-5 hrs max! thats horrible for whats suppose to be a renewed device! Not satisfied!EDIT:  Avoid this entire listing especially from the seller ''Easymobiledevices'', they ship dirty grade b laptop and have poor costumer service."
398,Once i started running it all sort of problems arises. First major problem is wifi drops off and will not let you connect to wifi. After this happens you cant even turn on/off the wifi. Used guest and still no wifi. Restarting or shutdown and restart will not activate wifi. If you restart it takes so long to reboot. Sometimes it get stuck on the waiting wheel on startup. One out of ten restart wifi will work for a minute but then drops off and you will no longer be able to connect again. I cant say anything physically because it looks fine. Lastly beware it shows and says freshly installed mojave os but it has instead sierra installed. The power cord looks like an imitation and not the original one because from the weight it is not the original one. I can tell because i have multiple macbook at home and that is not the original one. I am pretty disappointed with this seller.
399,"I’ll update 15 days from today.CONS:-Delivery packaging: it was a regular box with one thick bubble wrap to protect the laptop.First glance, the charger seems pretty beat up but seems to work fine.-The outer top of the laptop has a lot of scuff marks and scratches. Sides do as well. Nothing TOO severe.-Bottom have some scratches and wearing on the rubber, not too noticeable.PROS:-Had a full battery-Set up went smoothly with no hiccups.-Outer signature glowing Apple works well.-Opening the laptop, the screen has no visible scratches, cracks, or scuffs at all.-Keyboard has no loose keys and is glowing well.-Trackpad has no scratches and works really well no weird working sides SO FAR.-Software automatically updated to Catalina, kinda wanna wait to update to Big Sur.I’ll update March 13, 2021"
400,"Still a GREAT LAPTOP, arguably the best MacBook Pro 13” ever made, 2 or 3 iterations later! I have had mine for 3 months now and although I was a little disappointed that I got a no-brand MagSafe power brick instead of an Apple brand, it’s caused no problems for me. I have been using Logic Pro X a lot and it runs nice and smooth even with the haphazard way I use it, leaving muted unused tracks all over the place as I learn about things like track bouncing and experiment with every single effect and different audio formats (I feel bad sometimes like I am unnecessarily abusing the laptop, lol) and I haven’t frozen or crashed at all. I have used a few emulation programs for old Saturn, Super Famicom, PS and Dreemcast games that push the 2D sprite and parallax scrolling envelope and again I haven’t had any problems. Only thing I have experienced that has been an issue is the actual Mac OS and it’s limitations with regard to formats, programs that it supports and connectivity with outside developers but I have also been able to get around that by setting Virtual Machines up and GUID partitioning to use whatever other OS I need. This is also not a complaint about the hardware itself but rather the Mac OS software so should not be considered when it comes to the actual MacBook Pro 13”.You will want to upgrade to an NVME M2 SSD at least 256 GB or 512 GB right away, as the 128 GB SSD will fill up within 2-3 months of moderate use and the newer M2s will increase the OS loading speed more than anything else. Luckily you have your pick of great SSDs like the Samsung 970 Evo, etc that you can easily swap in with a $5 adapter, a screwdriver and no soldering (just search YouTube for “MB Pro 13 2015 SSD upgrade”)…The unique things and PROS about this MB Pro 13” are the older style KEYBOARD that doesn’t break like 2016-later model keyboards do, 2 USB 3 ports, an SD CARD R/W and a FULL SIZE HDMI PORT all built in. This is the last MB Pro 13 with any of those ports on board and the fact that you can swap SSD hard drives with no soldering and very little skill needed, all-in with the M2 you get a sexy little powerhouse for half the price of the newer model Pro 13”s (1/4 price of current gen)! The rest (CPU, onboard graphics, sound/speakers) make this laptop a must have that will likely only appreciate in value $$$!Two Thunderbolt 2/miniDisplayPorts are useful if you want to setup 2-3 Screens, but the CONS Are that you get NO ThunderBolt 3/USB-C ports and more and more adapters and devices require that connection these days, though with the USB 3 ports there are ways around it, complicated as they may be. You also CANNOT UPGRADE RAM unless you know how to de-solder the current ram and solder up new ram (accepts up to 16GB DDR-3 in 2X8GB formation) and setup the machine to accept the new ram, which seems a recipe to completely destroy the board/laptop without at least some Mac building & Mac hardware programming know-how, possibly even special equipment.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE MODEL WITH THE AMOUNT OF RAM YOU NEED BUILT IN & a CPU that will be sufficient for you and you won’t be disappointed with this awesome little 6 year old laptop! Don’t get the 4 GB model even if it will “work” for you “short-term”! I got the 8GB/i5 2.9Ghz/128GB and I already regret not paying another $100 for the 16GB ram model, but c’est la vie.Just buy this MacBook Pro 13” while you can, replace the SSD as soon as possible, enjoy it, keep it another 5-10 years and you will likely be able to triple your investment by reselling it assuming Apple stays on their current trajectory with their MB Pro Hardware releases!!!"
401,"Hi, I bought this Macbook Pro 13"" early 2015 and received last week on Aug 23th. The laptop has a good appearance and doesn't have any flaws. However, the charger(45w) packed together with the macbook is not for macbook pro but for  Macbook Air. I just found out today, cuz when I use the charger(45w) laptop cpu temperatures goes up to 65-85 celcius. and I can't use more than 4 hours. But when I charge my macbook with Macsafe 1 (85w, which is for Pro), the cpu temperature keeps 40-50 degree, and it runs around 10hours. I want to change my charger into “MacBook Pro Charger 85w”. Thank you."
402,I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.I can't use the Mac because the hard drive was not reset and the software on the Mac dose not allow you to use it.Also there was no charger.Again very disappointed.
403,"Looks brand new, wrapped and sealed in Apple packaging. Plugged it in and turned it on and let it go. Absolutely no problems, it was automatic and wonderful to have the computer set itself up. Has performed flawlessly as expected of an Apple laptop."
404,"The laptop arrived in fair condition.  The screws show signs of wear so it may have been opened up during the ""renewal"" process.  Old stickers were left on the bottom. Also, the laptop was shipped with a cheap knockoff Chinese charger.  I have no reason to trust this charger so I'll have to order a genuine Apple one instead.Fortunately I don't need this machine to be a workhorse or I would send it back.  This should survive a year at least but I don't trust it as-is - I will wipe the hard disk, NVRAM, and SMC just to be safe."
405,Product was faulty. The charging port wouldn't hold the plug. I returned it. I don't think the refurbishing process is very competent.
406,"This is exactly like the MacBook I was given for work that was stolen on a plane flight. No problems with this as a replacement so far, smooth sailing for 3 months already! I got the protection plan just in case, but I'm very satisfied with this cheaper than new replacement. Will update if there are any issues that arise. Would recommend."
407,"Idk what I was thinking not having an apple in the first place. This laptop is very easy to use, fast, and I’m excited to see how productive I can be with this format. I feel free, nothing holding me back now!! Unlike old pc with unresponsive interface, slow speeds, and constant crashes, this one gives me no problems!!"
408,This laptop was literally like brand new out of the box. So far my daughter is so thrilled with her graduation gift. She is ready for college now!!!
409,"Our first ever Mac but so far its been quite impressive. It was easy to setup and get it going. It works well and very easy to use, turn on/off, carry around and day to day life. Wish the battery would last a bit longer."
410,"BUYER BEWARE!I knew by choosing a refurbished computer, I was taking a risk, but I never expected this. When I received this MacBook Air, I was surprised it was the model Apple stopped making in 2017, since the title said “Newest Version.” I emailed the seller and they said Amazon forced that in the title and told me I could return it. I work full time, am in grad school, and have three kids. I figured with it being an Apple it would last long enough to get me through school, so I kept it. Now, six months later the screen won’t turn on. It’s completely black.I am able to connect to an external monitor and use the computer that way, so I know it’s the display. After trying to adjust the brightness, several resets, resetting the SMC and the PRAM, I called Apple Support. They ruled out all software issues and told me it had to be the hardware.At this point I contacted the seller and they basically told me “sorry, it’s outside of the 90 day window so there’s nothing we will do for you.” I have escalated to Amazon trying to get some kind of resolution. They just confirmed there is nothing they are willing to do for me. They also are not doing anything to penalize the seller, All Out Apple. I'm shocked at Amazon. Shady sellers like All Out Apple will always be around, but I really thought Amazon was better than Ebay in that way. Lesson Learned.There is no reason a MacBook Air should have a display of a completely stops functioning after six months of use, even refurbished. I’m grateful that I had a work-provided monitor I can plug into to do my schoolwork, but if I was aiming to be tethered to my desk, I would have bought a Mac Mini."
411,"Got the computer two days early! this was probably the fastest delivery I've ever received from amazon. I wasn't going to buy refurbished but I really wanted another MacBook and shelling out $2k for a new one was simply out of the question. When I saw the price for this MacBook Air, I decided to roll the dice and buy it. I knew it could possibly come not as advertised, such as having scratches or not being updated as far as software is concerned but when I opened it up it was practically BRAND NEW! set up was simple as can be! only took me 5 minutes to sign in with my Apple ID and all my information was synced between my iPhone and iPad and onto the MacBook Air. There were a few minor scratches less than a couple centimeters on the bottom of the computer nothing that noticeable. the charger doesn't stick as well as I'd like and one of the hinges is half broken off but I've that same issue with practically every MacBook I've ever had. I was really surprised with the quality. it said 2017 version but with all the updates and new iterations its hard to gauge which MacBook your getting I thought I was purchasing a much older MacBook Air than what I got this thing is amazing and the 13 in screen is far larger than I expected it to be feels like a 15 or 17 in display when having it in your hands/ the computer itself is incredibly light, the main reason I chose the air you can carry it in anywhere with one hand and hardly feel it definitely much lighter than my 2020 iPad 11"" All in all if you're on a budget, this computer is the way to go! for $400 its practically brand new and runs like a dream! thanks amazon for this incredible refurbished Mac! love it !"
412,"I don’t what to think I bought 2017 16gb 256 ssd but I received a refurbished 2019 8g 256 perfectly packaged, I can’t put apple care I already call for that but im not sure to keep it because I want a computer of 16of ram but this one is 2019, im gonna give the chance to see how it works, And it cost me the same price of a refurbished 2019 Of apple but those ones you can put apple care"
413,"hola, soy de peru. Estoy contento con la compra, la compre por el precio, y me llego tal cual las especificaciones.(late2018,2.3gz,8ram,256ssd). la bateria llego con 350 ciclos aproxen cuanto a lo estetico, tenia pequeños arañones en un costado, pero nada grave, la pantalla intacta y el touchbar ok. el cargador sellado oem.califico la compra como 9/10."
414,Got a few months out of this before the screen started disappearing intermittently. Then it wasn't so intermittent. I'd have much rather spent the extra money to get a new computer that didn't break than to buy something second-hand and have to decide to repair or replace.
415,"Considering I was 100% ripped off, I would not recommend you purchase from this seller, I did not receive what I wanted, the serial number for a COMPUTER comes up as an iPhone 11... Just.. No."
416,This computer was working fine and all of a sudden the screen went out.  Cost me $640 to fix it.
417,"Delivery was super fast, considering I’m in South Africa. The laptop is simply beautiful, woks well, no complaints, I love it."
418,"Positivo, EXCELENTE EQUIPO!!!"
419,So far this was a steal. Great product for a great value.
420,super machine
421,The space key and some of the keys were not working As they are supposed to. Really sticky
422,"Arrived, boxed well with balloon cushions. Power adapter looked clean but had scratches. Opened up the Lid of the MacBookPro and it looked like it had some sort of disease or cancer & it smelled quite strange too. It had over 50% battery so I carried on with a reset which resulted in an error. Luckily it booted back into Yosemite OS that it had installed years ago, after 3 failed attempts managed to update to Mojave. Of course first things first copy music etc onto, USB stick struggled to go in either of the USB Ports (look at the photos) was also stuck after insertion but managed to pull out, with a hard pull - full force - anger. Had a look into the ports and discovered they were literally rusted dirty like disgusting, this is not the definition of Refurbished - but 2nd Hand or Heavily Used. Be aware, set your expectations right in oder to avoid any disappointments."
423,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I was super stoked upon arrival, began setting up the laptop and within minutes the screen stopped working. Literally pixels. Severely disappointed. I have gotten ahold of kanga and they are working to replace the device but it has now been over a week since I’ve purchased the unit with two day shipping and still have nothing to show for it. I hope they come through on their end and send me a functional unit."
424,"I've only had it for about a week now and this 2015 MacBook Pro is working phenomenally! I was kinda hesitant buying a refurbished MacBook from Amazon, but I can honestly say I'm go glad I went ahead and did. It came extremely fast and right from opening the box, it was as if I had bought a brand new one right from Apple themselves. There's not a scratch, dent, stain, dust or anything on it. So far it's working extremely well and I will definitely buy form this seller in the future and recommend them to others as well! Great price for a great computer."
425,"I’ve had this MacBook Pro going on 4 days and so far so good! It has met all my expectations and more. I grew up using windows PCs. This is my first Apple computer and I’m happy to have made the transition. Wish I did this long time ago but better late then never. If it wasn’t for the packaging and not being in the original box, I probably wouldn’t be able to tell this was refurbished. This is just based from my experience using MacBooks at the Apple store. Also, there was a few minor scratches on the bottom of the laptop.I will revise and change review in a month if any problems. But as of now, my review above is how I feel."
426,"I've only had it for a couple days, but so far this is a great purchase. The thing looks brand new, and I know it isn't. I am replacing an older Mac and just can't afford the prices of new machines from Apple. Using Migration Assistant (an app that comes with Macs) I was able to restore a time machine backup from the old machine, so I've lost nothing in the transition."
427,"When I ordered this product for the first time, it came with a green line on the screen. I contacted the costumer service, they responded very quickly and replaced it.The second computer came with better specs, I was the happiest person... for 2 months though, the computer suddenly stop responding.Other things that are worth saying:- The charger is generic. A generic charger can easily damage the battery of the computer, that could explain my problem.- The second computer they sent, had a sticker that covered the whole low part of the computer (those stickers that are the same color as the computer and are used to cover up very big scratches.Conclusion: they can deliver a great costumer service, but not a working product."
428,"The macbook pro only worked for a short while. It had a charging/powering problem - wouldn't keep a charge at first, then wouldn't power on even when plugged in. Confirmed it was not a charger issue.I contacted the company who said to send it back for repair. Once they received it they wrote saying it cannot be fixed and charged me a ""restocking fee"" in the amount of the purchase of the laptop. Outrageous!! I even had a protection plan for it. After numerous interactions they refused to help and returned the laptop without telling me. THEN they said they couldn't do anything in terms of a refund because I had the machine. Months later they refuse to resolve it and amazon can't help me because it's a third party seller. An ABSOLUTE JOKE of a company. I'm out over $500.00 with a computer that can't be fixed - and Apple store said they could try but for more than the computer's worth. So yeah. They have my money and I have nothing.DO NOT BUY from these people if you'd like to keep your money."
429,"Hey all! So I’ve gotten into photography lately and needed a upgrade from my old 2012 MacBook Pro and 2011 Asus laptops for editing. Figured a 2015 model would be the way to go for a decent upgrade without spending tons of money. I was super skeptical about buying a reconditioned one through Amazon after reading the reviews and thought about it for about 4 hours before I made the transaction. Next day it was at my door step with me a bit nervous about opening the package and seeing a beat up MacBook, I opened the box and the MacBook was in a bubble wrapped sleeve and that’s it. Okay I’m fine with that but what was the condition of it? Looks like it barely got used or the previous owner always had a case on it. Outside from a few nicks here and there it’s flawless. Turns on and is super quick, the Retina display is beautiful and definitely enjoyable to watch movies. It came with Mojave so the first thing I did was update it to Big Sur and it’s still flawless. I’ve only had it for a day if that but so far I’m happy with my purchase. Just be mindful yours may or may not be like mine condition wise I got lucky. Should you buy one of these? I would I’m pleased with my purchase and I’m sure you would be too. But I’ll update with any issues if they come up in the future. Thankfully I’m a bit tech savvy so whatever happens I’m sure I can fix it."
430,"This of course this is an old model and reconditioned/renewed, so I was expecting it to look somewhat used; however, this MacBook Pro is in PERFECT CONDITION as if I had purchased it new. I'm upgrading from a very heavy and slow 2009 white MacBook that's a dinosaur and I could only do very basic things on it. It has almost zero capability in terms of battery life (it could only be used plugged in) so this laptop is an absolute gem in comparison. This might be why I'm so hyped and elated. Plus the price was very good. *I hope the computer doesn't have some sudden glitch and dies on me...lol!Now, I can finally edit my videos in iMovie, which was not working on the old MacBook, because I couldn't update it anymore. I need this laptop mainly for traveling, to do editing work, I have a 2 monitor PC set-up at home. My only wish is that I could transfer my Adobe CS to the new laptop.SIDE NOTE: it's actually overall a little smaller than my old 13"" (screen size is the same), it's not as heavy, but not as light as the Air; it arrived with Catalina iOS installed and I had to upgrade to Monterey to use the newest version of iMovie - this isn't a complaint, just an observation."
431,"I bought for my mom, great deal (sort-of), works great (after I deleted 2 mysterious old unknown wifi connections)I bought this for my mom, she was always having Windows problems, viruses disguised as virus removal, scammy pop-ups, and so on.  Happy day!  :DThey raised prices during Prime Day, wth?  I thought I was getting a good deal, but afterward I noticed the price went down.  Anyway, I ordered this for my mom.  She's been using Windows and I wanted her to experience a Macbook Pro.  This one is actually even better than mine!  I'm still happily using a Late 2013 2.4 Ghz 8 RAM 256 GB 13-inch Retina, her's is exactly the same except it's a Early 2015 and it's actually got 2.7 Ghz!  Anyway she seems really happy with it.  I set it up for her, and ran the serial number, which was not found, not surprisingly although I'm not sure what that means, and the update page in the App Store looks like it was coded in 1995, so I'm not sure what's up with that.  Could be something funky going on, but all I know is it works and we're happy with it.  She's getting used to using it, and she says it's fast and smooth.  She was getting tired of all the Windows updates and virus stuff and all the spammy popups telling her to purchase a virus disguised as virus removal, yadda yadda yadda, so I am well-pleased that she is now almost a full-blown Mac-head.  Thanks Apple.  I hope to be able to afford an Apple car when they do come out, haha.  I'm not sure about the battery-life yet, but I HAD TO replace the battery on mine, so replacing it on hers should not be a problem."
432,It’s just one continuous problem after the other with this computer. It’s really not worth it to save a little bit of money just buy new not refurbished have your warrantee you’re better off in the long run.
433,For this being my first ever Mac- This was an amazing buy... no scratches or dents. Its basically BRAND NEW. 😝😝😝The only thing is that it says 512gb but the space says 256gb so be wary of that.But other than that I am really happy with my purchase.
434,Good
435,Love it
436,"the product arrived with the screen broken. I would like a refund of $ 400 to repair it, since he is now in Brazil."
437,So happy with this purchase. Even my kids said it looks like the new ones. Has some minor imperfections but at the cost totally acceptable. Would definitely purchase from this seller again.
438,"I purchased through amazon this m1 chip 512 gb 8ram macbook pro 2020 year manufacture.  I’m a mac user of many years.  The computer is blazing fast, slim, light with great battery life. A huge bonus—-little need for additional  anti virus add on software since the macbook anti virus platform is very solid. A hidden gem when you buy any apple device is phenomenal tech telephone support.  The advisors at the apple stores and by telephone are the best part of the apple experience for me and even rival the devices they sell. Yes, I hate the high prices and know the game but over time I’ve  accepted their price points because of the incredible tech support."
439,battery would not take any charge  stuck at 1%
440,"I cannot believe the condition my Macbook is in, you can’t even tell if it’s used and the packaging was very nice and professional with the white box and wrapped just like it is when you get it directly from Apple. I am super happy with my purchase, thanks Amazon."
441,"Good, but it is a little small.. easy to control. Recommend if you are hard to control your computer"
442,Computer will not charge.
443,"""Refurbished"" even though Battery life was non existent from the startup, always check the reviews on laptops to make sure they have over 200, cause then you won't be played by greedy ass people like I was"
444,"Minor scratches , for the price reduction is a great buy !!!"
445,Light weight
446,"El producto reacibdiocionado en muy buen estado, funciona perfectamente y venía totalmente protegido y embalado. Muy satisfecho con la compra"
447,"Looks and acts brand new. Everything exactly as advertised. Will update if I have any issues but after a week I can say, I am pleasantly surprised!"
448,"This is an unusually large advance over previous models, especially in raw computing power, but also in fun things like screen and headphone support.This Amazon listing has two different processors, the M1 Pro (listed as 16-Core GPU ""style"") and the M1 Max (32-Core GPU). I'll call one the Pro, the other the Max. I got the base Pro, but much of what I'll say applies to both, and I'll have some comments specifically about the Max too. (MBP below = MacBook Pro.)Amazon doesn't offer most of the options you can get, only the ones listed. For now (and probably later), that's the Pro with 16GB RAM and 512GB or 1TB SSD, or the Max with 32GB RAM and 1TB SSD. 3 versions total.Screen Brightness* and HappinessThis screen can get up to 1600 nits brightness and can sustain full-screen brightness up to 1000. That's very impressive, as MBPs since 2016 have topped out at 500.*But the vast majority of the time, this screen will also top out at 500, because those other numbers are only for HDR (high dynamic range, what Apple calls XDR), i.e. some videos and some photos viewed in some programs. If you're browsing the internet, using productivity apps, or the like, those are almost all SDR (standard dynamic range). You'll be seeing them at the same brightness as with MBPs for the last five years.That said, the new screen is beautiful and bright in both HDR and SDR for most situations. For HDR, it puts out more color and brightness, and darker blacks - a million-to-one contrast ratio - with a wider range of light and color that has more pop and more detail in shadows and highlights. It can be dazzling or just more realistic.For SDR, it's much like before, still a gorgeous screen, with better contrast than before because of darker blacks.Has more pixels per inch (254, up from 226), and more pixels all over (3456 by 2234, up from 3072 by 1920). The aspect ratio remains 16:10 (not counting the top menu bar).ProMotionProMotion is Apple's name for screen refresh rates that can go up to 120Hz, or lower to save processor/battery power when 120 isn't needed. This makes motion smoother, more natural.For now where ProMotion applies is limited. Most scrolling in browsing, including with Safari, still tops out at 60Hz. Which is fine for me, but it bothers some people, looks choppy to them. This could be changed with a software update.Bloom and GhostsBloom is when a bright spot on a dark background bleeds out past where it's supposed to be, a common issue with this kind of screen. I and most others think this screen handles it well (better than the iPad Pro), but it can still arise some.Ghosting is when a moving object leaves a noticeable trail of ghost images behind for a fraction of a second, one for each new frame until the old image fades. MBPs are notoriously mediocre at this kind of ghostbusting, and this screen is no exception. Expect the usual haunting, if you notice that kind of thing.PWMFor those concerned (you mostly know who you are), there is PWM (pulse-width modulation) on the smaller 14"" version of this screen, and so very likely on this one too, at a frequency of 14,880Hz at all brightness levels (measured by NotebookCheck). That's a very high frequency, considered well beyond what would cause trouble for the susceptible.The NotchAs you can see in the main photo here, there's a black Notch at the top of the screen. There are no pixels there. The long-desired improved camera is there, and a mic array and light sensor (and maybe room for a Face ID system if they decide to make MBPs with that). As with the iPhone Notch, it's controversial.You can make the Notch disappear, or rather blend in, if you make the background up there black. It also disappears into the black bars when you view things like videos in full-screen mode.The cursor disappears into the Notch if you put it there. If an app has menu items that stretch there, they disappear too, but they'll still function normally if you put the (invisible) cursor on them.Desperate times call for desperate measures. Most apps won't have this trouble, but if you must, you can avoid menu items disappearing by using the ""Scale to fit"" function, which shrinks the entire screen work area a little to fit below the Notch. Makes it look like an old 15"" if the background is black, like there are wide black bezels. (Google ""Scale to fit below built-in camera"" for full instructions and mockery.)There are also third-party apps, such as Bartender, to manage how items appear in the menu bar and keep them visible.Camera and MicsThe new camera that, along with the thinner bezels, makes the Notch necessary, is 1080p, with an f/2 lens for good exposure in the shadows. Video looks noticeably better than before, though it can have a processed look.The three mics sound very clean and natural but with a little less bass than before to my ears, which is fine.Extra ScreensYou can use two external monitors with the Pro, down from four with previous models. They can be up to 6K @60Hz with a billion colors. The Max can still use four: three 6K and one 4K, all @60Hz etc.You can use 4K @120/144Hz HDR monitors too.You can run two from one port if you use the right kind of dock or daisy-chain.Headphone OomphThe new headphone jack has more power for high-impedance headphones. It automatically adjusts, so it won't overwhelm low-impedance phones. If the headphones have less than 150 ohms impedance, they get 1.25 volts RMS. If more, 3 volts. That might cause it to fail to provide enough power to some not-so-high-impedance headphones that still require extra power, such as planars.With my 2016 15"" MBP, I've had to use a portable amp for my Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pros (250 ohm), but now I can pretty well do without it, though sometimes only just. The volume on some sources is still not always what I wish I could make it. But now I can nearly achieve hearing loss with the intro to the guitar riff in ""Money for Nothing."" Which also sounds good, and healthier, a couple notches down.Among other headphones that have tested favorably with the new jack are the DT 990 Pros (250 ohm), and the Sennheiser HD650, 660S, 6XX, and HD800 (150 to 300 ohm).One report says the planar Hifiman HE4XXs (35 ohm planar) sound good, but most planars tested are said to need more power. The Audeze LCD-2Cs are reported to sound good enough, though not their best. The LCD-3s and Hifiman Sundaras and Aryas are said to be underpowered.For my usual regular-impedance phones, Cleer Flow IIs (16 ohm), the wired volume is a little louder than before, though still not always the earsplitting barrage I want for some sources. Maybe for the best.Quality iems (in-ear monitors) that require especially clean input, but not too much, reportedly sound good, including Andromedas and Moondrop Starfields.SpeakersThey're improved from the already laptop-leading speakers from earlier MBPs, with a fuller sound and decent kick, amazingly good for when nothing with a 3"" woofer is around.Apple mysteriously says the 14"" M1 has the same speaker system, but looking inside both machines shows the speakers in the 16"" are bigger - both ""subs"" and tweeters - and located differently, with the subs in the front corners on this one. The 16"" has fuller bass (such as it is).Heat and NoiseThere isn't any.None with my typical use, at least. If you push it hard, it can get warm, but not as hot as my 2016 15"". Which makes sense, as this has a larger enclosure, bigger fans, larger, better heat sinks, and more power-efficient processors. The fans don't have to spin up as much to do the same amount of cooling, so it's noticeably quieter even when it does heat up, rarely makes any noise at all.The 16"" Max comes with a larger heat sink than the 16"" Pro, so likely runs a little cooler and quieter sometimes, though the Max might get hotter when it uses a lot of that extra power.KeyboardVery quiet, much like the older Mac laptop keyboards, not the butterfly ones from 2015-19, but the rest. Maybe less travel in the keys than some of those, but plenty for me.I miss the touch bar sliders for fine control of some functions, but you can still use sliders via the Control Center, the icon next to the date on the screen's top menu bar. That's also where control of the keyboard backlight is, no more control for it on the keyboard.TouchpadThe best available by far, responsive and large so you can carry the cursor over a large area with more control. For clicks, it's great. For taps, which I turn off, it's not as great, according to those who prefer that - appears to be a software issue.PortsThere's one less Thunderbolt/USB-C port than before, but 50% more bandwidth (3 controllers instead of 2).The HDMI is 2.0, can drive up to 4K HDR @60Hz.The SD card reader is shallow, so the cards stick out. There might be room for a flush micro-SD adapter. I only have cards up to 64GB, which work fine. Some people have had trouble reading some cards, so it may be finicky.Battery LifeI usually keep plugged in, but the reviews I've seen that cover battery life tests typically say it's the longest of any similar machine they've tested, including PCs. Reports of battery life for office work, browsing, watching videos, and so on generally range from 10 to 16 hours, sometimes more. It can go unusually long with heavy use too, 5 hours or more of video work, for example. Max Tech did 10 benchmark and stress tests with it in a couple hours, some maxing out the CPU or GPU for up to ten minutes, and it still had 36% left.At normal settings, there's no performance hit until you get down to 3%; until then you can process or game at full tilt. There's a low-power mode that extends battery life by limiting performance, lowering screen brightness, etc. The Max also has a high-power mode, but it seems to only ramp up the fans sooner to help cooling. Apple's description and tests in reviews indicate it doesn't affect performance in any direct way.The Max has tended to have a little less battery life than the Pro in reviews. The only good tests I've seen that compared directly either found negligible differences or up to 15% less battery life for the Max. (Other tests haven't been well controlled.)You can quick charge to 50% in a half-hour. The new power brick is 45% more powerful than before, and maybe 30% larger lengthwise, still small for what it does. You can charge at lower speed with smaller bricks (not included) via the USB-C ports.Size and WeightIt's noticeably heavier than before, about 5 ounces over the previous 16"", and not quite as sleek, but it's sleeker than I was expecting from the photos.RepairabilityHa ha! But really, it's better than it was. Battery modules now have pull tabs so they can be more easily replaced. The screen can be replaced more easily, but if Apple doesn't do it you lose True Tone (which I don't want anyway). The headphone, Thunderbolt and MagSafe ports can be replaced without replacing the logic board. Now rates a 4/10 from iFixit for repairability, up from 1/10 for the previous model.CompatibilityComes with Rosetta 2, which enables M1 Macs to use programs written for Intel Macs, and usually works very well.There's no more Boot Camp, so to run Windows or Windows programs you have to use third-party software like Parallels, which runs Windows by emulating a Windows machine (and requires a Windows license), or Crossover, which modifies Windows programs to run on Macs.  Which works best, or at all, depends on the program.GamingWoW *mostly* runs 50 to 120fps at high settings and resolution, depending on the location. Some places can't even manage 50 at those settings, though, but do OK at more compromised settings. Baldur's Gate 3, Diablo III, CS:GO and several others can run at 60-100fps or better at good settings.You can play Windows games via Parallels or Crossover. They generally don't run as well, but some do fine.Most games, including native ones, run quite a bit better on the Max, with up to 2x the fps. Final Fantasy XIV is hit and miss at good settings even with the Max.Gaming isn't usually hot or noisy, can get warmer with light fans for the games that aren't running natively. And there's no noticeable performance hit for gaming on battery.WorkI have to mention the less fun part: how well this does things you might have to do at work. It does almost all of it better than before, much of it way better. Here's how it compares according to actual test results from numerous sources with Xcode, Logic Pro, Lightroom, Blender, Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, and so on. The range of comparison depends on what the task is.Previous base MBP 16"" (Intel i7 AMD 5300): The Pro is 60% to several times faster.Previous top-spec'd MBP (i9 5600M): The Pro is about the same to 2 or 3 times faster.Regular M1 machines (not M1 Pro or Max): The Pro is about the same to several times faster.The 14"" M1 Pro with same specs: The same, though the 16"" has the bigger battery and heat removal system, so it fares better in those ways.Windows laptop work stations: This is complicated, but the Pro can thrash most Windows laptops in most intensive work-related apps. It lines up very roughly with machines with a good i7/i9 and an RTX 3070, but generally can't keep up with the RTX 3080. The Pro uses a fraction of the power, and so only produces a fraction of the heat and noise, if any. And lasts and performs much better on battery.Pro vs MaxThe Max is about the same to twice as fast as the Pro, mostly between those extremes. The CPU is much the same, but the GPU is double the cores, so the main advantage is in graphics-heavy work.Besides the GPU cores, the Max has twice the bandwidth for memory transfer, two hardware video encode engines instead of one, and some extra cooling capacity.If you're already successfully using a Mac laptop, you don't *need* the Max, since the Pro is already better than what you have. But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from the Max's extra power if you have the money. For intensive video editing, massive photo editing, or better gaming (though cheaper Windows machines will play most games better), the Max has real advantages.To confuse things a little more, Apple (but not Amazon currently) also offers a demi-Max with a 24-core GPU, halfway between the Pro's 16 and the Max's 32. It's a cheaper way to get the extra bandwidth, video encoder, and cooling advantages of the Max. Tests show that in graphics-intensive tasks it operates roughly midway between the Pro and 32-core Max, often more than half, as expected.WarrantiesThis comes with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects that includes free phone support for the first 90 days. If you want to also cover accidental damage (with deductibles) and extend the regular warranty and free tech support to 3 years, you can buy 

AppleCare+ from Amazon

   (link embedded) or Apple. You get 60 days from purchase to buy it, but coverage for accidents doesn't start until you do. (I always self-insure when I can, so I didn't get it.)DecalsLast and least, this comes with two black Apple decals, the sign of true professional Apple equipment."
449,Out of the box unusable for me. This MacBook Pro does not have any USB ports to be able to restore from a previous Mac back up that’s on an external drive. You must buy an adapter. Since I live in a remote area I’d have to order online and wait. You cannot even plug a iPhone12 Pro Max directly into it. The only ports it has are thunderbolt. So even Apple’s own lighting connector needs an adapter. The keyboard is a downgrade from the old keyboard. Solid black plastic instead of plastic keys surrounded by aluminum which were easier to see. Had to call Apple support to download an update because there is no reset option in the System Preferences of OS Monterey. And the update did not work to give it that option. Will have to figure out a different option to remove my account and information to return it. This particular MacBook is defective I believe.
450,I ordered the 2021 16 inch right away as I knew they would probably sell out fast. I had to make sure I had one for my trip I am leaving on soon.  As soon as I opened it the screen would never come on.  Thought maybe it needed charging so I tried that.  Still nothing but a black screen.  It kept making the sound when you open it up even when it was closed over and over again.  I took it to the local Apple Store hoping I could get some answers.  They tired to get it to work and could not either.  They said it is very strange and maybe something happened to it during shipping.  They said since it is brand new it would be best to get my money back from Amazon.  I thought maybe I could just exchange it before my trip but the one I ordered is out of stock.  I will try the 14 inch and see if I like it compared to the size of the 16 inch since it is in stock.  This is a first MacBook Pro I have ever purchased and now I am a bit nervous.
451,"Here are the temperature results for the new cool MacBooks compared to the old overheating intel ones. 91 degrees for the old one near the processor, and 74 degrees on the new ones. Both had been running for hours transferring files nonstop. Amazing. I have been editing video, transferring large files and not once have the fans kicked on. Makes me want to cry."
452,"Finally, this 2021 MacBook Pro cured my depression!"
453,Arrived DOA - wouldn’t start up. Spent hours on the phone with Apple support and still wouldn’t start. Returned - c’mon man!
454,"This laptop is unbelievably fast. Between the screen, battery life, and performance, this laptop is head and shoulders better than any competition."
455,My first ever MacBook. Switched over from PC and I can't believe I didn't switch sooner! On the pricer side but I'm super happy with my purchase!
456,"I have been using my MacBook Pro from 2014 for work until last week when I finally purchased this MacBook Pro. My old MacBook starts up and works as fast as the day I bought it. The only reason I bought a new MacBook was because the battery life was getting low. I probably could have just bought a new battery and it would have been fine.That being said, I did hold out for this MacBook because Apple brought back the ports that I needed. I use the HDMI and SD ports daily. An Ethernet port would have been nice but that’s asking too much. This MacBook has a 2 day battery life and is blazing fast. I use Adobe programs and this MacBook doesn’t even blink when I do live editing. Best laptop I have ever used.I own a business that uses many PC laptops and a couple MacBooks. A PC will never last as long as a MacBook. And, a PC ALWAYS gets slower after 6 months of use. The price is high but you can buy a new PC every 2 years or a MacBook every 7 years."
457,"Coming from a 2019 16in, I feel that this generation is 2 steps forwards, 1 step back.Pros:-Fans are never audible even under full extended load!  This was my #1 issue with my 2019 mac which would have constant fan noise with 2 monitors.-2x battery life-Better screen especially in dark environment or a dark subject-Extremely fast for certain workloads such as video editing and code compilation.-magsafe is back (although I personally don't care for it)-most apps work normally with rosetta emulation, but may have some stutter.Cons:-thicker and SIGNIFICANTLY heavier.-Screen has a notch which is very distracting for me.-Still has some compatibility issues.-Terrible for games.  Only a few titles are supported natively.  I only tested league of legends(uses rosetta emulator), but it was choppy and 1/3 the fps of my 2019 intel macbook.- +$300 base price even though they got rid of intel.-The area I feel apple has made a major misstep is with ports.  I couldn't care less for SD card or HDMI, but everyone who buys this is going to need USB-A.  It's ridiculous that I still have to bring a dongle everywhere just to use my mouse but these ports I never/rarely use are back.Also some developer related tools/libraries aren't working.C# debugger is totally unsupported for example.  Anything that requires gpu hardware acceleration (pytorch) is unlikely to ever be supported in any usable form.  Linux dual boot is unsupported or in early experimental stages.  I also had issues building/running java projects natively, but no issues with rosetta.If you're looking to buy this for an undergrad program, it's probably workable.  However, I'd suggest saving some $ and getting a used mac or windows machine.  Professional devs will be aware of their specific requirements, but I suspect many will need to keep a secondary x86 machine for the foreseeable future."
458,"I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13"" MacBook Pro to the 14"" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13"" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14"" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1"" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13"" model, but smaller than the 16"". I had a 16"" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14"" and 16"" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the ""form factor"" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the ""MacBook Pro"" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14"" and 16"" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13"" had the M1 chip and now my 14"" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13"" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27"" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13"" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14"" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max."
459,"I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this."
460,"M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about ""the notch"" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks ""sharp"" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks."
461,"I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?"
462,sent me base model
463,"I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connects"
464,"I never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it."
465,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!"
466,"This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the ""affordable"" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy."
467,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Sheeeese! What can I say? Apple has done it again 🤪😍 magnificent piece of device I must say."
468,"I pulled the trigger on this thing hoping that the bad reviews were wrong.. some of the comments saying it came dirty and defective definitely gave me pause however, what arrived today was practically a brand new macbook. the device does not show any signs of wear and the battery cycle count is 18, it came with the original power brick and while the cable was used, it was not worn or dirty in any way. While i've only just started using the device about an hour ago, I can tell you that it's speedy and works flawlessly... had I not known it was a refurb when buying it, I would have easily confused it for a brand new mbp.. for those asking, this is a 2017 macbook pro and the specs as quoted are accurate. i'll play around with this thing for a little while and update this review as needed, but so far this looks like a winner!***update***A few months in and it’s still working flawlessly. I don’t regret my purchase for one second, and neither should you!"
469,This is not a 256GB MacBook Pro- they are falsely advertising it as such and then shipping buyers 128GB versions.
470,"Came in used and dirty, and it was not even turn off, I'm gonna return it. So disappointed."
471,"Wow. I cant say enough how happy I am with this laptop! I it arrived early, and for a refurbished computer I swear it doesn't have a scratch, dent, smudge or single flaw anywhere on it! Its fast, the battery is great, its working perfectly! I couldn't be happier with this thing!"
472,"Was excited to receive it and on the outside it had one noticable chip in the case on the cover side (which had a sharp edge to it), but thought that isn't too bad.  But when opening it up the screen in both the top left and top right were broken/chipped/cracked like it had been dropped and they replaced the cover, but not the screen.  This was not acceptable.  Wanted to try it out and ended up learning that some of the keys did not work right (sticky, pushed strange and such), plus the touchpad/mouse was really strange and didn't seem to work correctly.  Too many issues out of the box for me and too concerned that there might be other issues from where it looked to have been dropped and such.  Sending it back and just started that process.  So far the return seems ok....but just hate that the product does not match the description...using their words ""Renewed products work and look like new""."
473,"I ordered the space gray with 256 gb of ram and received a silver with 128gb.  I knew this could happen as the picture did not match the description and I had seen other similar reviews.The good news is it was on time and in flawless condition.  I think I will stick with it and not press my luck, as it is still a fair price and a great machine, but beware."
474,"I have to admit, I don't typically write reviews and I was a little hesistant about the product due to some 1 to two star reviews. The space gray model not only is at a great price, it came to me brand new. With all the specs I was expecting, i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD, and works like a dream. Battery life is great, setting up was easy, and all my Apple Products (iPhone, Apple watch, Earpods) synced with no issues. I'm not sure as to why there were so many negative reviews, but mine is not one of them. SO HAPPY!! I truly recommend."
475,the battery is dead
476,"This product arrived quickly and looked great.  There have been multiple glitches with the power switch and with the screen ever since it's arrival.  Most of the time the power button would require multiple attempts to push before the computer would power up.  When the computer woke from sleep state (opening lid after its been closed for at least fifteen minutes) the screen would be black and then all pixelated.  Most recently, the computer wouldn't even turn on, when it finally did, it was all reset and all the settings were reset.  I lost everything I had put on the computer over the past day.  The seller still hasn't gotten back to me after email and I left a voice message.  I have now initiated a return as I want my money back.  It would have been nice if they had gotten back to me ASAP when I emailed or when I called (during normal hours of operation, by the way) and it went to voicemail.  The fact that they didn't and the computer kept coming up with other issues.  I now will buy a new one.  The value is not there with the aggravation generated."
477,"Multiple reviews mentioned getting devices with used batteries, screen issues, etc.My laptop arrived through FedEx Express with questionable packaging. But everything was intact and fine. The laptop still had the plastic wrapped around it as MacBooks directly from Apple do, even with the screen cover. Only 3 battery cycles out of the box, with a new charger in the box. I am very satisfied with the purchase although in the Q&A section of this product someone mentions that this is a 2018 model, its not, its a 2017 (At least the one I received.) which for me isn't really a big deal since it arrived in exceptional condition. Highly recommend this MacBook."
478,I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA. But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable. Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at home and making zoom calls all the time.
479,"Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours. Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution & bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications (With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there will be a fix soon"
480,"UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1 MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro - and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using ""swap memory"" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful. Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/A) - 2017 12"" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020 Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017 MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful when you have many GPU intensive ""Pro Apps"" running at the same time.I would never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or the dreaded beach ball ""not responding"" issues, or if you have non-Apple programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models, it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac."
481,"The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it with a new one."
482,"Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well."
483,"I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13"" and a 11, both with the previous form factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution) and this new 13"" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great!  2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and looks good with the thin black bezel.  I usually don't go above 50% brightness.- KEYBOARD is good.  Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.  Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is fantastic.  Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC), etc., it has been great.  Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.- LOOKS GREAT.  Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few years old by now) design, looks and feels great.  Form factor is nice and it is a reasonable weight.- NO FAN.  That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap.  Pretty amazing really for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE.  It works great so far on what I have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a laptop using Apple silicon for the first time.  For just day to day use and things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super smooth and fast.  Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it is the base model with 7-core GPU.  Also, things like start up are noticeably faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27"" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH ID is great still.  Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons.  On the other hand, it should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual and a real reason to get this MBA.  Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not really need Face ID if you have the watch).  You can easily send/receive files using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay.  And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still sucks.  Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams, etc.  Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27"" iMac FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS.  Sad that this thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging, DisplayPort).  Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port for other use, pretty lame.  I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH (Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g. Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery.  Easier to have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute, especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem.  Love it so far!"
484,No complains so far.  Very fast and performs great.  I had a 2014 MacBook Air and finally upgraded this year.  This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very happy with this upgrade.
485,"Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new Apple M1 chip.  A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this computer, I have have found several things of concern:1.  my notification center keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2.  my computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS devices (iPhone & iPad).  If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will appear on my mac but not vice versa.  Reminders will not sync regardless of which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET.  THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!"
486,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Bought this laptop bc i needed it for spring semester and i needed an upgrade from my heavy macbook pro. I go to work too so i needed something super light and thin i can just bring everywhere and slide it in my bag.I am obsessed with how fast this macbook is. The battery life is on point. I used it for movies and series at work and it lasted for 3 days. The processor is definitely sooo good. I open so many tabs at once and it has not lagged on me. The keyboard and trackpad is responsive.I love the color. The main reason why i bought this too. 😍😂I have no problems with it at all.Highly recommend"
487,Opened my brand new $1000++ computer and the entire screen was cracked and destroyed. Awesome! Thanks Amazon.
488,"Delivered to me within 12 hours of purchase... Sealed in original apple packaging with protective film, blemish free, not a scratch.. Mint.its powerful, Ive already loaded some big task audio software and broadcast software on it and its flying through the multiple processes together at ease... (Logic 10.5 / Traktor DJ 3.0 / OBS)Super light and portable, If this is a MacBook Pro then I can't even imagine how light the Air models are. Nor could I even imagine why you may need something more powerful. I am having to adjust to the new keyboard and Touch Bar, I keep hitting Siri and volume settings, even as I type this.id also recommend getting a keyboard cover as well.... I hear these keyboards go out sometimes and to repair it. This is no fault to the reseller, but I can't believe Apple with their price points don't offer a bigger SSD for the lowest price point.... 128gb is laughable so be prepared to buy an external SSD along with a Thunderbolt 3 / USB-C Hub to run hdmi, and various external accessories.Overall I love this computer so far, it was a nail biter as I rarely ever shell out $1,000 on anything but I'm very pleased and satisfied with my purchase. And I still cannot find a better deal on the internet, not even used on Facebook marketplace, letgo or craigslist....Five stars"
489,So not worth it. All they want to do is take your money do NOT BUY THIS ONE! Its used and if you search apple on amazon they have brand new with higher stats for cheaper.
490,"Just received this, but so far so good. It looks BRAND NEW. There are literally NO signs of cosmetic wear or damage. It arrived in a sealed apple box. I’m finishing setting up and I already love it. For just under $1,200 for a 2019 model, this is a GREAT deal!"
491,"I really love my MacBook. I really love this laptop. I'm a huge MacBook fan and this works like new. So far I don't have a problem with the butterfly keyboard, but I heard bad reviews about the keyboard from watching YouTube videos. I think that they may have fixed the keyboard problem when they refurbished the product??? I'm not sure, but honestly this a really great laptop for a really great price. I do wish that it came in the original Apple box and packaging, but it wasn't far from the really deal."
492,"It looks and feels brand spanking new! Definitely happy with my purchase considering that I bought a brand new 2020 MacBook Air and hated it. Returned it back in 2 days. I paid a lot less for the Pro than the Air and its A LOT better with so many features. I’m not trying to persuade anyone out of getting the Air but if you are considering on buying a MacBook my advice would be to just go ahead and get the pro. The Air reminds me of a google chrome book slapped with an Apple logo on it. Not saying that google chrome books are bad, but there’s no need to pay a full band for the Air when you could find something similar and a lot cheaper. All in all I really love this laptop."
493,"Bought this laptop with some apprehensions, as i have typically bought refurbished goods from apple directly. This was my first from amazon, and i was not disappointed. The notebook was flawless, not a single scratch on it. second, all the accessories where flawless as well, not signs of usage. When i powered on the notebook to verify usage, the battery had cycled only 3 times, meaning it was still in new condition. Very highly recommended seller. Thanks for a pleasant transaction."
494,"This laptop looked new, straight from Apple store."
495,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen arrived damaged, what a scam.!"
496,"Although I was very skeptical about purchasing a ""refurbished"" MacPro, after reading the reviews for this company, I made the purchase.  The MacPro arrived earlier than expected, expertly wrapped, included Apple certified, and in NEW condition.  There is no way I could tell it was not new or refurbished.  The price was the best I could find after researching other sellers.  I would highly recommend iPower Resale Inc to anyone looking for a MacPro.  Their customer service is exceptional.  Thank you for a great product!  5*****"
497,"When I looked at this product it only had one review and it was a bad one... I then checked all the other products the seller sold and the reviews were excellent, needless to say I took a chance and ordered this MacBook Pro 2019. It arrived before anticipated and it was securely package. I AM SO GLAD I took a chance on them because this MacBook is amazing! Now I’ve waited a couple months before reviewing it to make sure it works. The MacBook looks brand new, it didn’t have any dents or scratches. It works and performs like a new MacBook. I had to contact the seller over the a small issue with the charger and they went above and beyond to correct the issue.Excellent customer service excellent product. I recommend this seller to anyone!"
498,"I got my new MacBook Pro M1 two weeks ago and could not be more happy with it. This machine is absolutely incredible in terms of speed, looks, weight/size, display, and battery life - and texture (it feels so good against the skin on my wrists as I type) and basically anything else you can think of. I also love the space gray color, the new keyboard, the Touch Bar, and the larger trackpad. There are so many options to customize the system to work just the way I like.My previous MacBook was the 2011 model and it still works today, but after 10 years it became too slow and the trackpad had trouble clicking, so after a TON of research, I decided to pull the trigger and get the New MacBook Pro with the M1 chip.A couple suggestions I am able to give after spending almost two months and probably over 30 hours researching the new MacBook are: go with the standard model of 8gb of RAM and the 256 ssd - you can get this on Amazon for $1239 vs $1299 at Apple - so you get to save 60 bucks, and you have the added satisfaction of not having to deal with the snobby nerd losers that work in the Apple Store, who asked me rudely when I went in to get a new laptop ""umm, do you have an appointment? Well, you're going to have to make an appointment if you want to go in the store"". I love Apple products and will never use another phone or computer besides the iPhone and MacBook, but after that experience I will never again give my business to the physical Apple Stores. I mean, seriously, do you really need me to make an appointment to buy a $1300 laptop? Whatever dude.Anyway, in several YouTube videos that compared the 8GB ram model along side the 16GB ram model (costs 200 bucks more), the 8GB performed just as well in nearly every task - and they really pushed it to the limits. The only reason to pay up for the 16GB RAM is if you want to edit 8K UHD videos or are a super serious music recording artist or highly advanced professional photographer - and even then it's not too much of a difference. For the every day user (me or basically anyone who is not a computer professional) the 8GB working with this new M1 chip is mind-blowing, blows any other laptop on the market completely out of the water, and actually even performs just as well as the $2200 15 inch MacBook Pro using the Intel chip. As far as the storage goes, 256 ssd is standard - that's what I got - and you can pay 200 bucks more for 512 ssd or 400 bucks more for 1 TB. But with the Cloud storage available now, you don't really need to keep much on the laptop drive, you can just save it to the cloud.Overall I honestly could go on for hours about every little detail that I absolutely love about this machine. A free one year subscription to Apple TV is also another little perk. But I am still mystified every day at how incredible this machine is. I've been online for over 3 hours now and its still on 92% battery. The new Retina display is brilliant. Everything is perfect. I truly am in love this laptop and would recommend that anyone looking for a new laptop to last a long time and outperform everything else on the market gets the new matchbook 13 inch M1."
499,I bought my Mac from Apple directly not from Amazon. This thing is amazing. Battery life is awesome. Hard to believe that I can work with it all day and do not have to charge at all even with bright screen.No issues with speed at all. I use Matlab a lot and this computer is even slightly faster than my desktop with 12 core AMD CPU and 32 GB ram.Excellent machine. Happy I bought it.
500,"I own over 50 computers and it blows away my 11th gen Dell XPS 13 i7, My surface Book 3, my Ryzen 7 Thinkpad. the first week I got it the battery lasted for 5 days and 22 hrs of use and still had 20% left. I felt guilty and charged it. The Geekbench 5 rating beat all those listed laptops and they had 16 or 32GB of memory and the MacBook Pro M1 had only 8GB of unified memory. The keyboard felt great, the sound was superb, the screen bright, and it was blazing fast in all I did. I'm an IT consultant and deal in Windows based databases and this Mac has now become my daily go to system at home. It has become my new front end."
501,It's a Mac once you go Mac you never go back. This is my second Mac my first lasted almost 9 years.
502,Dead at arrival.... kernel error. Took it to the Apple store they told me looks like a hardware failure and to send it back to Amazon.
503,"I'm going to preface this review with the 1 thing I dislike so we can get that out of the way.I mean let's be honest, that's what most people are looking for when buying a product-the down sides.It has a standard 3.5mm headphone jack EVEN THOUGH apple quit using that on it's handheld products years ago.Not that I care, it's good that they include the 3.5mm jack-but how come they didn't include one for their lightning connector that their headphones come in out of the box? Forces you to either change to a standard headphone jack or BT headphones (probably trying to push their AirPods line).Other than that, I have no issues. It's fast, efficient, reliable and easy to use. If your familiar with iOS on these then it'll be a great addition to the tech team you have at home."
504,"I love my new MacBook Pro!!  It’s the 13” and not too small. It’s very lightweight!  It’s so fast!  I was using an older MacBook Pro from mid 2012. It worked well, just so slow. This one flies!!  I was disappointed that there are no USB ports or CD player. I spent about $65 at Best Buy and got an adapter that works very well!!!"
505,The battery lasts forever and its fast. My last macbook had a pretty good battery and worked very well for years too.The M1 does allow for dual external monitors and there are two usbc ports total. These two things can be worked around with dongles and a video hub but now I have $200 worth of accessories and a tangled mess on my desk.How is a 2020 Mac not compatible with dual monitors but my 2005 HP works great with the same monitor setup?!? I really can't get past that.Get the intel version with 4 USB ports and you can use it in your Covid home office out of the box.
506,"There is no fix for this, and now it can't be returned.  All that money wasted!!! There is a vertical black line on the screen.  I tried to fix it using tips from youtube videos and none of it worked.  Proceed with caution!"
507,"I really wanted to love this laptop. I've had only Macs for years. This was supposed to be an upgrade from my 2014 MacBook Air. I previously had a 2020 16"" intel based MacBook Pro for work configured with two HP monitors. No issues with the monitors and connected instantly with zero effort to get the screens to work with the laptop. Bought this one and connected to my Belkin hub for the HDMIs. Would only connect a single monitor. Googled the issue and found that the new M1 apple chip only supports a single monitor. News to me and I guess I should have researched more. However the low rating stems from the fact that this is a PRO laptop. A professional would want two monitors and should not have to google whether a PRO laptop supports more than 1 monitor when the intel version does seamlessly. Despite this I had planned to keep it and just deal with 1 monitor because of the cost savings over buying the Intel based MacBook Pro and wanted the longer battery life. Now brings me to the issue that made me return the laptop. This laptop just would not configure to show a clear resolution with my monitors. The scale was off and the display just stayed blurry no matter what setting I changed it to on the monitor or the laptop's settings. Tried and tried and just gave up. Returned this and ordered an Intel based 13"" MacBook Pro. No issues, supports dual monitors, and seamlessly integrated to the laptop. No blurry screen and no having to set or change any settings to get it to work. I am floored that Apple would produce a Pro for business that only supports a single monitor. I love Apple but will not buy anything with their chip until the kinks are worked out."
508,This is by far the best laptop ive ever owned! The laptop came with 0 scratches and only 16 battery charges on it. It even came with the apple box and stickers! Highly reccomend for the price. $850 is great for a 2019 macbook air.
509,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Everything I expected and more! Just like brand new!"
510,I love this laptop so so much. I think everyone should get it. The model is between 2018-2020 and the one I got had the Touch ID on it! Everything was very easy to set up and is in such great quality!
511,"Received in a timely manner.  Will review in a couple weeks.Well, it's been over 2 weeks since receiving my MacBook Air and I have to admit that it has proven to be worth it's price. The Retina display is phenomenal and it's compact chassis is just what I was looking for. I am not a power user, so I didn't need major memory capacity. The speakers are, surprisingly, crisp and clear for such a slim build. The fingerprint scanner is quick and a huge convenience. I am (or was) a long-time PC user and resisted getting an Apple, but the transition was smooth and Apple's claim to fame for being user-friendly and intuitive proved true. If you are looking for a compact, yet capable laptop with QWERTY keyboard, I would recommend this product."
512,"After having the laptop a few months, I can say my leap of faith to buy an amazon refurbished was worth it BUT I had to work a little bit.  It didn't arrive perfect and it still isn't perfect.  There is a tiny white dot on the screen where some pixels died (I guess) and when I first got it, I had to call Apple support to get iMessage and Facetime to work on it.  Then I had to take it to the Apple store to get the keyboard fixed as some keys would not work.  Thankfully, I had Apple Care on it so the cost to get it shipped off and fixed wasn't bad.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I recommend this seller, but I will probably buy new next time."
513,"** I have only had the laptop for a week, this review is only based off of the time I have had it**I was so nervous to buy a refurbished computer but this came like it was brand new. New packaging, new charger, spotless laptop. I was worried the battery would be bad and wouldn’t hold a charge. I was wrong. I downloaded over 12,000 photos and was on it nonstop for over 2 days without even having to charge it. I am in love with this!!!"
514,"As in the description exactly, thank the seller for the fast shipping and good packaging"
515,I love this laptop and I’m really happy with all the features. Would definitely recommend.
516,Exactly as expected. Great value.
517,"The product made a loud buzzing/grinding airplane-type noise as soon as it finished setting up which was truly deafening. I presume it was the fan producing this aggravating sound. No programs were running and the room was approximately 68 degrees Fahrenheit so overheating should not have been an issue. Since no computer should ever sound like a coffee maker at any time, I must conclude that it was defective. Return to sender."
518,Exceeded my expectations! Some of the reviews had me a bit nervous but I can’t tell you how happy I am! The laptop is on almost brand new condition! Only 1 TINY nick on the front (you can’t see it unless your looking) and it was perfectly ready for me to set up my account! No issues or problems! It comes in a box perfectly protected and has the charger to go with as well👍🏼 So happy with it! Thank you!
519,"I was so excited because this laptop came in perfect condition. But when I tried to change the unsername to my name it wouldn’t work. 3 calls to Apple later, and I find out this computer is owned by a school that can remotely access my laptop at any time. Meaning, if they wanted to they could shut down and erase my laptop. Amazon gave me a full refund but I am very sad and disappointed"
520,"All in all, the laptop works great! It runs fast, it’s clean, and it’s perfect for what I needed it. The one disappointment I have it they claimed this product as a catagory A which means like new. When it arrived, the screen had two scratch marks on it that was discolored from the rest of the screen. I would understand like new for any other part to have a scratch, but the screen is a big deal and it should have mentioned that in the details."
521,"This MacBook Air is amazing!  I had been previously using a 2007 MacBook Air and it was time to upgrade.  I have never purchased refurbished before so I really didn't know what to expect, though was greatly concerned.  Needless to say that this laptop heavily exceeded my expectations.  Other reviewers stated that their MacBook was not as described, though mine looks brand new.  The keys are still crisp and clean, the screen immaculate.  There are a few light scratches on the outside of the computer (mostly the underside), but it is very minimal and unnoticeable.It runs like a dream, though I have only begun using it.  I will update should the computer have any issues.  It is an early 2015 with 4 GB RAM and its OS is Sierra.  I wanted to share that, as I found the Q&A to be a little confusing on that point and other reviews didn't really mention it."
522,"When I received this package, I was thrilled...until I tried to turn it on and got a “low battery” notification...for 16+ hours. Turns out the cord provided (not a Mac product) is not the correct wattage to charge this device. It’s hard to tell at this point if the computer is faulty or not now that I’ve purchased a new cord from Best Buy, but it shuts down as soon as it’s disconnected from power. The screen is pretty floppy, too- falls back without provocation. All of which seem like things that should have been mentioned in the details before I decided to purchase.After taking this computer to the Apple store, I was informed that the issue was indeed the battery- completely bad and had to be replaced. Again, something that I wish I had known before purchasing. It is in working order now, but doesn’t meet my standards of what “certified refurbished” means, and product details lacking for sufficient purchasing knowledge ahead of time."
523,"It said I had to do an update. When I hit the only update allowed it said the latest version was already installed but it wouldn’t let me go foward.  Also the screen seemed loose.  So if it was cleared out they never installed the new software correctly. So it wouldn’t let me even get to the main screen.  Others had luck but I did not.Also when I plugged the power bar in. It had a bit of a shock come out. As an electrician, I know that was a big no no.  I was willing to spend the money and get the correct power cord. But with everything else. I thought that’s already 3 strikes. No thanks."
524,I was very hesitant buying a used MacBook from Amazon but it turned out great! Looks new and works amazingly. You will receive exactly what was described. I have no complaints!
525,"Good quality, arrived early. As-new condition. Easy to install from my old machine via time machine backup. The old one was a 2010, now we are good for another 5-7 years.Thanks"
526,I have been struggling with this product since day one. I am not getting responses from the seller OR the extended warranty repair company.I have never had trouble with Amazon before. Every issue I have ever had has been settled with ease and courtesy.This has not. Made more devastating as it it is the largest purchase I have had and the product has been unusable almost since day one. We sent it to the extended warranty place who said they fixed it but it still doesn’t work.We have spent hours at Apple doing diagnostics and it is simply not functional. To repair it would cost more than I paid. They do not think that the parts it was refurbished with are even Apple parts.This was a terrible product and not worth the money.
527,"I bought this Mac and it came with a non Apple charger, I bought this as travel computer, sure enough in the first week while I was in Europe I had to buy am authentic Apple charger at $117. Now a month  later my Mac has died. It was having issues as in when I tried to maximize the scene with Netflix it would just shrink to a 3x5"" screen volume,  also the screen had been replaced before I bought it and is not well attached, very disappointed, I bought this last summer, but only started to use it in October when I was traveling, so I spent close to $700 for a Mac that lasted 2 months, return and replacement window has ""closed"" so I am stuck with a hefty repair bill."
528,"Was very iffy about buying refurbished but it’s honestly like new! There are a couple of LITTLE scratches but nothing noticeable! Compared to my friends MacBook Air that she paid 1100$ for and they are the absolute same. Best $500 I’ve ever spent. & the company is AWESOME! The charger didn’t work as soon as I got it & I emailed them. Within an hour I had an email from them and they were sending me a new charger, thankful my friend had her charger that I used until I received mine but the battery last like 2-3 days so it wasn’t that bad."
529,"Seller: IT5050Wowie! My son wanted an Apple Computer for Christmas and I was not about to spend $1000+ on a laptop for a 11-year-old boy. But a refurbished MacBook was definitely priced more appropriate for him. This computer is AMAZING people!!! Looks so clean and new. Only a couple faint scratches on the bottom, the keyboard looks like it was hardly touched, screen is clear and no burn marks in it, plus the battery is great. The seller was so awesome to get me this gift in time for Christmas, they are quick to respond to emails and followed up to make sure it was delivered afterward. (seriously, the nicest people!) I had purchased another renewed MacBook from another seller, and their level of quality wasn’t as good, by far. I wish I could pre-select a quality grade for the laptop (excellent, good, fair, etc.), so it is a little scary just leaving it up to the unknown. I work in the retail business and I like to applaud small companies who sell quality products. Do yourself a favor and go here, they gave me a laptop that is stellar and eased my worries about a refurbished laptop. It really looks so good and is operating perfectly. This is such a smarter way to buy a computer, especially for kids, or if you like to have the pricier brands without spending the high price. – Happy Mommy!"
530,"Wow! Bought this from TECHarvard and was claimed to be Certified Refurbished, which according to the Amazon description should show limited to no signs of wear.  Well the device that I received not only was pretty scratched on the bottom, had a huge ding on the corner of the top cover, but the keyboard showed more signs of wear than the MacBook that I've had for 5 years(Space bar was completely warped).  Definitely does not resemble a new device in any way shape or form.  If they are selling used devices, call them used and mark the price down accordingly.  This is definitely going back."
531,"Overall the laptop is nice. A couple of marks on the outside but works relatively well. There was an issue with the battery that originally came with it. It would shut off around 65% battery life. I asked the seller for a replacement battery, which they gave to me free of charge. However, the replacement battery is not originally an Apple battery and instead a knock off. This issue prompted it to restart randomly no matter what the battery life was at. I’m putting the original battery back in and having Apple replace it with the appropriate battery for an additional fee. I got what a paid for and I won’t make the mistake of buying a refurbished Apple product from anywhere other than the Apple store again."
532,This is the BEST purchase I’ve ever made! The laptop 💻 arrived on time and in MINT condition. It functions beautifully and works flawlessly for my personal and business needs. I would recommend this seller to any & all I know who are in the market for reliable and affordable devices.
533,"Battery doesnt work! I travel to another country with the laptop and web I turned on and unplug it, it shuts down! And in Battery Options appears ""Replace now"". How you can help me? I'm in Ecuador now and wont be back in a year!"
534,"I love my new MacBook Air, it came as expected (relatively like new condition). This my first Mac and I’d purchase it again refurbished, you save greatly and get almost the same product 😀"
535,Bought certified refurbished ended up with a unit with a screen covered in dead pixels. I contacted apple to see how much a screen replacement should be more I'm looking a repair cost more than I paid for the laptop.
536,"DO NOT BUY!!! I purchased this computer for about two month and one day I couldn’t turn it on after it goes into sleep mode for a long time. It just wouldn’t turn no matter what I do, I tried every single method out there. I had to press the power button a hundred times for it to finally turn on. But after a while even that won’t work. The computer is just dead. I had to take it to the computer store and they told me it costs $434 to fix it!!!! Even though I actually paid to get it fixed I recommend everyone do not buy!! It’s not worth the money and will cost you more!! The guy in the computer store told me that there is corrosion inside the motherboard and in order to fix it it costs a lot of money ($434). I am truly upset and wished I would have just bought a brand new one from apple that’s the newest version and which will cost me less than what I spent on this computer!!"
537,"The laptop worked great the first week. Eventually, things started to decline and quickly.  I would constantly have to change the time clock, and that would prevent many apps from working properly or not at all. I also discovered that my webcam did not work. I asked customer service if I could get a replacement laptop, and they gave me a website to help me fix it myself. It did not work. Also, the computer would start dying very quickly, even after a full charge. I would also not start up automatically, even with the charger plugged in. I had to press to start button almost endlessly for it to just power on. Eventually, it just would not cut on at all, even with the charger plugged in. It’s completely dead. Apple says that it should cut on with the charger plugged in if it were a battery issue, so it’s definitely something wrong with it beyond that and it will cost upwards of $400 to fix. I’m totally bummed. It did not even last a year."
538,"BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER, SHE IS 70 YEARS OLD AND BARELY USES THE LAPTOP.THE SCREEN IS IN THIS STATE, APPEARS TO BE PEELING! VERY BAD!!"
539,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Note: My purchase was completed through Kanga Supply for this item that ultimately doesn't function as intended.Amazon Renewed item descriptions indicate that the products should work and look like new, which wasn’t the case for this purchase, ergo my poor rating. After only having the Macbook for less than a day, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the product no longer functioned as intended.CONSThe Macbook worked fine for the first hour or so of use, but during an update, the screen flickered vigorously (see video). I hoped it was just a fluke, and it led me to believe there may be some software or hardware-related issue. After having the Macbook for less than 12 hours, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the screen flickering caused the laptop to become unusable (see picture). I also came here to draft a review in hopes that my issue is resolved quickly and effectively. I'll update my review once this is complete.PROSAfter removing the laptop and inspecting the outside, I was pleased. The outside of the Macbook is in good condition, just one or two visible scratches or marks.The charger was not the original Apple charger (as other reviews have indicated) but an OEM adapter. I don’t care that much about whether it’s an Apple charger, as long as it functions.Specs match the advertised item I purchased:128GB SSD8GB ramEDIT/UPDATE: After reaching out to the seller as instructed with the Amazon Renewed products, I never got a response in the allotted timeframe (2 business days) and was forced to reach out to Amazon directly. Ultimately, this item was returned for a refund.UPDATE 2: Today is 1/13/2020 and I have still yet to see this problem resolved to my satisfaction (refund or exchange of working product), after having ordered this product on 12/26/2019. Highly disappointed both in Amazon and the third-party seller.UPDATE 3: Received a replacement Macbook on 1/15/2020. So far it seems to be working, no issues with the screen per the previous item received (was NOT the same item sent back, verified by serial number). Pleased so far with this item."
540,"The 2015 Macbook Pro is still, in my opinion, the best Macbook even in 2019.  I use the SD card reader all the time and have several USB 3.0 devices.  I also use a newer 2017 quad-core i7 for work (no choice) but the difference in speed is not worth the added money and lacking ports.  When I actually put the newer 2017 to work, the heat issue is still a challenge for Apple and performance drops.  It's like having power that I can't actually use unless I sit in a walk-in freezer. Don't quote benchmark speed tests to me, what counts is actual performance sitting at my desk for hours at a time working on a project. I also prefer the magsafe power (although this one uses the magsafe II which I like less than magsafe I which had a more solid connection) This one, I purchased for my wife and it handles everything she needs it to do. Although you can't upgrade the memory on these models, so make sure you get enough for what you need.  If you want to change out memory, then the best choice is the Mid 2012 non-retina model which also come with DVD drives and has USB 3.0 ports."
541,"First off, I am removing a star because they shipped a counterfeit 60W Magsafe 2 charger with my order. I contacted them immediately and they offered to accept a return of everything. I explained that the charger was my only complaint and they overnight FedEx'd a genuine Apple replacement for free.""we sent you the wrong adapter for this batch of order and will overnight you the correct genuine one.""So they knowingly ship counterfeit chargers with some of their orders?The computer is pretty good cosmetically and operationally, but not as great as other reviewers. It is an Early-2015 12,1 model, this one was built in 12/2016. There is a crease over the right USB port from somebody yanking a USB plug. The battery has 107 cycles (89% life left). Keyboard and display are in great shape with no flaws. The SSD has no dead cells. It came with MacOS 10.13 installed.Overall its a good laptop and decent refurbishment job.EDIT: Knocking off another star. They sent me another counterfeit charger. Apple would never loosely jumble the cord in the box, a genuine power supply doesn't stay powered on for several seconds after it's unplugged from the main or stay lit green/orange after its unplugged from the laptop and this fake only puts out 25 watts max."
542,"I really feel like I got a great deal on this, mine arrived in brand new condition and it looked like it had never been used. I did see some people had bad experiences but mine was well worth the price tag. The only negative was that the charger provided is third party and not OEM Apple. The box is also generic and not Apple, not a big deal but you just don't get that same feeling opening it up as a new product. I will say that I checked the serial number on Apple and the computer itself was only a couple of years old, so in reality I paid around $450 for an Apple that was only a couple of years old with a decent amount of battery life still left. I only bought this as there was certain tasks that I could not do on my iPad and so I did not need a brand new super powerful computer. This one is great, does not get hot, fans are silent and the display looks incredible.Overall I was very happy with the purchase, it came fast and was like new condition at the fraction of the cost of a new one. I actually waited a few months before writing this review so that I could also include that I have had no issues at all in that time, battery lasts a decent amount of time and no software or hardware issues to report. It also runs the latest OS that I updated it to and I believe it will be supported software wise for some time to come. Completely worth the price!"
543,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The Macbook came in working condition with all original components and an OEM charger but not with the extension cord. The major downfall is the condition of the laptop, for the above average asking price for this model I expected great condition as it is stated to be like new but instead the model I received was in okay condition (not cleaned either, large collection of gunk in hinge vent) at best with a lot of edge scratches and deep cuts throughout the chassis, and some unremovable stains from stickers! And worst of all the battery was at over 500 cylces, the battery life was 4-5 hrs max! thats horrible for whats suppose to be a renewed device! Not satisfied!EDIT:  Avoid this entire listing especially from the seller ''Easymobiledevices'', they ship dirty grade b laptop and have poor costumer service."
544,Once i started running it all sort of problems arises. First major problem is wifi drops off and will not let you connect to wifi. After this happens you cant even turn on/off the wifi. Used guest and still no wifi. Restarting or shutdown and restart will not activate wifi. If you restart it takes so long to reboot. Sometimes it get stuck on the waiting wheel on startup. One out of ten restart wifi will work for a minute but then drops off and you will no longer be able to connect again. I cant say anything physically because it looks fine. Lastly beware it shows and says freshly installed mojave os but it has instead sierra installed. The power cord looks like an imitation and not the original one because from the weight it is not the original one. I can tell because i have multiple macbook at home and that is not the original one. I am pretty disappointed with this seller.
545,"I’ll update 15 days from today.CONS:-Delivery packaging: it was a regular box with one thick bubble wrap to protect the laptop.First glance, the charger seems pretty beat up but seems to work fine.-The outer top of the laptop has a lot of scuff marks and scratches. Sides do as well. Nothing TOO severe.-Bottom have some scratches and wearing on the rubber, not too noticeable.PROS:-Had a full battery-Set up went smoothly with no hiccups.-Outer signature glowing Apple works well.-Opening the laptop, the screen has no visible scratches, cracks, or scuffs at all.-Keyboard has no loose keys and is glowing well.-Trackpad has no scratches and works really well no weird working sides SO FAR.-Software automatically updated to Catalina, kinda wanna wait to update to Big Sur.I’ll update March 13, 2021"
546,"Still a GREAT LAPTOP, arguably the best MacBook Pro 13” ever made, 2 or 3 iterations later! I have had mine for 3 months now and although I was a little disappointed that I got a no-brand MagSafe power brick instead of an Apple brand, it’s caused no problems for me. I have been using Logic Pro X a lot and it runs nice and smooth even with the haphazard way I use it, leaving muted unused tracks all over the place as I learn about things like track bouncing and experiment with every single effect and different audio formats (I feel bad sometimes like I am unnecessarily abusing the laptop, lol) and I haven’t frozen or crashed at all. I have used a few emulation programs for old Saturn, Super Famicom, PS and Dreemcast games that push the 2D sprite and parallax scrolling envelope and again I haven’t had any problems. Only thing I have experienced that has been an issue is the actual Mac OS and it’s limitations with regard to formats, programs that it supports and connectivity with outside developers but I have also been able to get around that by setting Virtual Machines up and GUID partitioning to use whatever other OS I need. This is also not a complaint about the hardware itself but rather the Mac OS software so should not be considered when it comes to the actual MacBook Pro 13”.You will want to upgrade to an NVME M2 SSD at least 256 GB or 512 GB right away, as the 128 GB SSD will fill up within 2-3 months of moderate use and the newer M2s will increase the OS loading speed more than anything else. Luckily you have your pick of great SSDs like the Samsung 970 Evo, etc that you can easily swap in with a $5 adapter, a screwdriver and no soldering (just search YouTube for “MB Pro 13 2015 SSD upgrade”)…The unique things and PROS about this MB Pro 13” are the older style KEYBOARD that doesn’t break like 2016-later model keyboards do, 2 USB 3 ports, an SD CARD R/W and a FULL SIZE HDMI PORT all built in. This is the last MB Pro 13 with any of those ports on board and the fact that you can swap SSD hard drives with no soldering and very little skill needed, all-in with the M2 you get a sexy little powerhouse for half the price of the newer model Pro 13”s (1/4 price of current gen)! The rest (CPU, onboard graphics, sound/speakers) make this laptop a must have that will likely only appreciate in value $$$!Two Thunderbolt 2/miniDisplayPorts are useful if you want to setup 2-3 Screens, but the CONS Are that you get NO ThunderBolt 3/USB-C ports and more and more adapters and devices require that connection these days, though with the USB 3 ports there are ways around it, complicated as they may be. You also CANNOT UPGRADE RAM unless you know how to de-solder the current ram and solder up new ram (accepts up to 16GB DDR-3 in 2X8GB formation) and setup the machine to accept the new ram, which seems a recipe to completely destroy the board/laptop without at least some Mac building & Mac hardware programming know-how, possibly even special equipment.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE MODEL WITH THE AMOUNT OF RAM YOU NEED BUILT IN & a CPU that will be sufficient for you and you won’t be disappointed with this awesome little 6 year old laptop! Don’t get the 4 GB model even if it will “work” for you “short-term”! I got the 8GB/i5 2.9Ghz/128GB and I already regret not paying another $100 for the 16GB ram model, but c’est la vie.Just buy this MacBook Pro 13” while you can, replace the SSD as soon as possible, enjoy it, keep it another 5-10 years and you will likely be able to triple your investment by reselling it assuming Apple stays on their current trajectory with their MB Pro Hardware releases!!!"
547,"Hi, I bought this Macbook Pro 13"" early 2015 and received last week on Aug 23th. The laptop has a good appearance and doesn't have any flaws. However, the charger(45w) packed together with the macbook is not for macbook pro but for  Macbook Air. I just found out today, cuz when I use the charger(45w) laptop cpu temperatures goes up to 65-85 celcius. and I can't use more than 4 hours. But when I charge my macbook with Macsafe 1 (85w, which is for Pro), the cpu temperature keeps 40-50 degree, and it runs around 10hours. I want to change my charger into “MacBook Pro Charger 85w”. Thank you."
548,I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.I can't use the Mac because the hard drive was not reset and the software on the Mac dose not allow you to use it.Also there was no charger.Again very disappointed.
549,"Looks brand new, wrapped and sealed in Apple packaging. Plugged it in and turned it on and let it go. Absolutely no problems, it was automatic and wonderful to have the computer set itself up. Has performed flawlessly as expected of an Apple laptop."
550,"The laptop arrived in fair condition.  The screws show signs of wear so it may have been opened up during the ""renewal"" process.  Old stickers were left on the bottom. Also, the laptop was shipped with a cheap knockoff Chinese charger.  I have no reason to trust this charger so I'll have to order a genuine Apple one instead.Fortunately I don't need this machine to be a workhorse or I would send it back.  This should survive a year at least but I don't trust it as-is - I will wipe the hard disk, NVRAM, and SMC just to be safe."
551,Product was faulty. The charging port wouldn't hold the plug. I returned it. I don't think the refurbishing process is very competent.
552,"This is exactly like the MacBook I was given for work that was stolen on a plane flight. No problems with this as a replacement so far, smooth sailing for 3 months already! I got the protection plan just in case, but I'm very satisfied with this cheaper than new replacement. Will update if there are any issues that arise. Would recommend."
553,"Idk what I was thinking not having an apple in the first place. This laptop is very easy to use, fast, and I’m excited to see how productive I can be with this format. I feel free, nothing holding me back now!! Unlike old pc with unresponsive interface, slow speeds, and constant crashes, this one gives me no problems!!"
554,This laptop was literally like brand new out of the box. So far my daughter is so thrilled with her graduation gift. She is ready for college now!!!
555,"Our first ever Mac but so far its been quite impressive. It was easy to setup and get it going. It works well and very easy to use, turn on/off, carry around and day to day life. Wish the battery would last a bit longer."
556,"BUYER BEWARE!I knew by choosing a refurbished computer, I was taking a risk, but I never expected this. When I received this MacBook Air, I was surprised it was the model Apple stopped making in 2017, since the title said “Newest Version.” I emailed the seller and they said Amazon forced that in the title and told me I could return it. I work full time, am in grad school, and have three kids. I figured with it being an Apple it would last long enough to get me through school, so I kept it. Now, six months later the screen won’t turn on. It’s completely black.I am able to connect to an external monitor and use the computer that way, so I know it’s the display. After trying to adjust the brightness, several resets, resetting the SMC and the PRAM, I called Apple Support. They ruled out all software issues and told me it had to be the hardware.At this point I contacted the seller and they basically told me “sorry, it’s outside of the 90 day window so there’s nothing we will do for you.” I have escalated to Amazon trying to get some kind of resolution. They just confirmed there is nothing they are willing to do for me. They also are not doing anything to penalize the seller, All Out Apple. I'm shocked at Amazon. Shady sellers like All Out Apple will always be around, but I really thought Amazon was better than Ebay in that way. Lesson Learned.There is no reason a MacBook Air should have a display of a completely stops functioning after six months of use, even refurbished. I’m grateful that I had a work-provided monitor I can plug into to do my schoolwork, but if I was aiming to be tethered to my desk, I would have bought a Mac Mini."
557,"Got the computer two days early! this was probably the fastest delivery I've ever received from amazon. I wasn't going to buy refurbished but I really wanted another MacBook and shelling out $2k for a new one was simply out of the question. When I saw the price for this MacBook Air, I decided to roll the dice and buy it. I knew it could possibly come not as advertised, such as having scratches or not being updated as far as software is concerned but when I opened it up it was practically BRAND NEW! set up was simple as can be! only took me 5 minutes to sign in with my Apple ID and all my information was synced between my iPhone and iPad and onto the MacBook Air. There were a few minor scratches less than a couple centimeters on the bottom of the computer nothing that noticeable. the charger doesn't stick as well as I'd like and one of the hinges is half broken off but I've that same issue with practically every MacBook I've ever had. I was really surprised with the quality. it said 2017 version but with all the updates and new iterations its hard to gauge which MacBook your getting I thought I was purchasing a much older MacBook Air than what I got this thing is amazing and the 13 in screen is far larger than I expected it to be feels like a 15 or 17 in display when having it in your hands/ the computer itself is incredibly light, the main reason I chose the air you can carry it in anywhere with one hand and hardly feel it definitely much lighter than my 2020 iPad 11"" All in all if you're on a budget, this computer is the way to go! for $400 its practically brand new and runs like a dream! thanks amazon for this incredible refurbished Mac! love it !"
558,"I don’t what to think I bought 2017 16gb 256 ssd but I received a refurbished 2019 8g 256 perfectly packaged, I can’t put apple care I already call for that but im not sure to keep it because I want a computer of 16of ram but this one is 2019, im gonna give the chance to see how it works, And it cost me the same price of a refurbished 2019 Of apple but those ones you can put apple care"
559,"hola, soy de peru. Estoy contento con la compra, la compre por el precio, y me llego tal cual las especificaciones.(late2018,2.3gz,8ram,256ssd). la bateria llego con 350 ciclos aproxen cuanto a lo estetico, tenia pequeños arañones en un costado, pero nada grave, la pantalla intacta y el touchbar ok. el cargador sellado oem.califico la compra como 9/10."
560,Got a few months out of this before the screen started disappearing intermittently. Then it wasn't so intermittent. I'd have much rather spent the extra money to get a new computer that didn't break than to buy something second-hand and have to decide to repair or replace.
561,"Considering I was 100% ripped off, I would not recommend you purchase from this seller, I did not receive what I wanted, the serial number for a COMPUTER comes up as an iPhone 11... Just.. No."
562,This computer was working fine and all of a sudden the screen went out.  Cost me $640 to fix it.
563,"Delivery was super fast, considering I’m in South Africa. The laptop is simply beautiful, woks well, no complaints, I love it."
564,"Positivo, EXCELENTE EQUIPO!!!"
565,So far this was a steal. Great product for a great value.
566,super machine
567,The space key and some of the keys were not working As they are supposed to. Really sticky
568,"Arrived, boxed well with balloon cushions. Power adapter looked clean but had scratches. Opened up the Lid of the MacBookPro and it looked like it had some sort of disease or cancer & it smelled quite strange too. It had over 50% battery so I carried on with a reset which resulted in an error. Luckily it booted back into Yosemite OS that it had installed years ago, after 3 failed attempts managed to update to Mojave. Of course first things first copy music etc onto, USB stick struggled to go in either of the USB Ports (look at the photos) was also stuck after insertion but managed to pull out, with a hard pull - full force - anger. Had a look into the ports and discovered they were literally rusted dirty like disgusting, this is not the definition of Refurbished - but 2nd Hand or Heavily Used. Be aware, set your expectations right in oder to avoid any disappointments."
569,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I was super stoked upon arrival, began setting up the laptop and within minutes the screen stopped working. Literally pixels. Severely disappointed. I have gotten ahold of kanga and they are working to replace the device but it has now been over a week since I’ve purchased the unit with two day shipping and still have nothing to show for it. I hope they come through on their end and send me a functional unit."
570,"I've only had it for about a week now and this 2015 MacBook Pro is working phenomenally! I was kinda hesitant buying a refurbished MacBook from Amazon, but I can honestly say I'm go glad I went ahead and did. It came extremely fast and right from opening the box, it was as if I had bought a brand new one right from Apple themselves. There's not a scratch, dent, stain, dust or anything on it. So far it's working extremely well and I will definitely buy form this seller in the future and recommend them to others as well! Great price for a great computer."
571,"I’ve had this MacBook Pro going on 4 days and so far so good! It has met all my expectations and more. I grew up using windows PCs. This is my first Apple computer and I’m happy to have made the transition. Wish I did this long time ago but better late then never. If it wasn’t for the packaging and not being in the original box, I probably wouldn’t be able to tell this was refurbished. This is just based from my experience using MacBooks at the Apple store. Also, there was a few minor scratches on the bottom of the laptop.I will revise and change review in a month if any problems. But as of now, my review above is how I feel."
572,"I've only had it for a couple days, but so far this is a great purchase. The thing looks brand new, and I know it isn't. I am replacing an older Mac and just can't afford the prices of new machines from Apple. Using Migration Assistant (an app that comes with Macs) I was able to restore a time machine backup from the old machine, so I've lost nothing in the transition."
573,"When I ordered this product for the first time, it came with a green line on the screen. I contacted the costumer service, they responded very quickly and replaced it.The second computer came with better specs, I was the happiest person... for 2 months though, the computer suddenly stop responding.Other things that are worth saying:- The charger is generic. A generic charger can easily damage the battery of the computer, that could explain my problem.- The second computer they sent, had a sticker that covered the whole low part of the computer (those stickers that are the same color as the computer and are used to cover up very big scratches.Conclusion: they can deliver a great costumer service, but not a working product."
574,"The macbook pro only worked for a short while. It had a charging/powering problem - wouldn't keep a charge at first, then wouldn't power on even when plugged in. Confirmed it was not a charger issue.I contacted the company who said to send it back for repair. Once they received it they wrote saying it cannot be fixed and charged me a ""restocking fee"" in the amount of the purchase of the laptop. Outrageous!! I even had a protection plan for it. After numerous interactions they refused to help and returned the laptop without telling me. THEN they said they couldn't do anything in terms of a refund because I had the machine. Months later they refuse to resolve it and amazon can't help me because it's a third party seller. An ABSOLUTE JOKE of a company. I'm out over $500.00 with a computer that can't be fixed - and Apple store said they could try but for more than the computer's worth. So yeah. They have my money and I have nothing.DO NOT BUY from these people if you'd like to keep your money."
575,"Hey all! So I’ve gotten into photography lately and needed a upgrade from my old 2012 MacBook Pro and 2011 Asus laptops for editing. Figured a 2015 model would be the way to go for a decent upgrade without spending tons of money. I was super skeptical about buying a reconditioned one through Amazon after reading the reviews and thought about it for about 4 hours before I made the transaction. Next day it was at my door step with me a bit nervous about opening the package and seeing a beat up MacBook, I opened the box and the MacBook was in a bubble wrapped sleeve and that’s it. Okay I’m fine with that but what was the condition of it? Looks like it barely got used or the previous owner always had a case on it. Outside from a few nicks here and there it’s flawless. Turns on and is super quick, the Retina display is beautiful and definitely enjoyable to watch movies. It came with Mojave so the first thing I did was update it to Big Sur and it’s still flawless. I’ve only had it for a day if that but so far I’m happy with my purchase. Just be mindful yours may or may not be like mine condition wise I got lucky. Should you buy one of these? I would I’m pleased with my purchase and I’m sure you would be too. But I’ll update with any issues if they come up in the future. Thankfully I’m a bit tech savvy so whatever happens I’m sure I can fix it."
576,"This of course this is an old model and reconditioned/renewed, so I was expecting it to look somewhat used; however, this MacBook Pro is in PERFECT CONDITION as if I had purchased it new. I'm upgrading from a very heavy and slow 2009 white MacBook that's a dinosaur and I could only do very basic things on it. It has almost zero capability in terms of battery life (it could only be used plugged in) so this laptop is an absolute gem in comparison. This might be why I'm so hyped and elated. Plus the price was very good. *I hope the computer doesn't have some sudden glitch and dies on me...lol!Now, I can finally edit my videos in iMovie, which was not working on the old MacBook, because I couldn't update it anymore. I need this laptop mainly for traveling, to do editing work, I have a 2 monitor PC set-up at home. My only wish is that I could transfer my Adobe CS to the new laptop.SIDE NOTE: it's actually overall a little smaller than my old 13"" (screen size is the same), it's not as heavy, but not as light as the Air; it arrived with Catalina iOS installed and I had to upgrade to Monterey to use the newest version of iMovie - this isn't a complaint, just an observation."
577,"I bought for my mom, great deal (sort-of), works great (after I deleted 2 mysterious old unknown wifi connections)I bought this for my mom, she was always having Windows problems, viruses disguised as virus removal, scammy pop-ups, and so on.  Happy day!  :DThey raised prices during Prime Day, wth?  I thought I was getting a good deal, but afterward I noticed the price went down.  Anyway, I ordered this for my mom.  She's been using Windows and I wanted her to experience a Macbook Pro.  This one is actually even better than mine!  I'm still happily using a Late 2013 2.4 Ghz 8 RAM 256 GB 13-inch Retina, her's is exactly the same except it's a Early 2015 and it's actually got 2.7 Ghz!  Anyway she seems really happy with it.  I set it up for her, and ran the serial number, which was not found, not surprisingly although I'm not sure what that means, and the update page in the App Store looks like it was coded in 1995, so I'm not sure what's up with that.  Could be something funky going on, but all I know is it works and we're happy with it.  She's getting used to using it, and she says it's fast and smooth.  She was getting tired of all the Windows updates and virus stuff and all the spammy popups telling her to purchase a virus disguised as virus removal, yadda yadda yadda, so I am well-pleased that she is now almost a full-blown Mac-head.  Thanks Apple.  I hope to be able to afford an Apple car when they do come out, haha.  I'm not sure about the battery-life yet, but I HAD TO replace the battery on mine, so replacing it on hers should not be a problem."
578,It’s just one continuous problem after the other with this computer. It’s really not worth it to save a little bit of money just buy new not refurbished have your warrantee you’re better off in the long run.
579,For this being my first ever Mac- This was an amazing buy... no scratches or dents. Its basically BRAND NEW. 😝😝😝The only thing is that it says 512gb but the space says 256gb so be wary of that.But other than that I am really happy with my purchase.
580,Good
581,Love it
582,"the product arrived with the screen broken. I would like a refund of $ 400 to repair it, since he is now in Brazil."
583,So happy with this purchase. Even my kids said it looks like the new ones. Has some minor imperfections but at the cost totally acceptable. Would definitely purchase from this seller again.
584,"I purchased through amazon this m1 chip 512 gb 8ram macbook pro 2020 year manufacture.  I’m a mac user of many years.  The computer is blazing fast, slim, light with great battery life. A huge bonus—-little need for additional  anti virus add on software since the macbook anti virus platform is very solid. A hidden gem when you buy any apple device is phenomenal tech telephone support.  The advisors at the apple stores and by telephone are the best part of the apple experience for me and even rival the devices they sell. Yes, I hate the high prices and know the game but over time I’ve  accepted their price points because of the incredible tech support."
585,battery would not take any charge  stuck at 1%
586,"I cannot believe the condition my Macbook is in, you can’t even tell if it’s used and the packaging was very nice and professional with the white box and wrapped just like it is when you get it directly from Apple. I am super happy with my purchase, thanks Amazon."
587,"Good, but it is a little small.. easy to control. Recommend if you are hard to control your computer"
588,Computer will not charge.
589,"""Refurbished"" even though Battery life was non existent from the startup, always check the reviews on laptops to make sure they have over 200, cause then you won't be played by greedy ass people like I was"
590,"Minor scratches , for the price reduction is a great buy !!!"
591,Light weight
592,"El producto reacibdiocionado en muy buen estado, funciona perfectamente y venía totalmente protegido y embalado. Muy satisfecho con la compra"
593,"Looks and acts brand new. Everything exactly as advertised. Will update if I have any issues but after a week I can say, I am pleasantly surprised!"
594,"This is an unusually large advance over previous models, especially in raw computing power, but also in fun things like screen and headphone support.This Amazon listing has two different processors, the M1 Pro (listed as 16-Core GPU ""style"") and the M1 Max (32-Core GPU). I'll call one the Pro, the other the Max. I got the base Pro, but much of what I'll say applies to both, and I'll have some comments specifically about the Max too. (MBP below = MacBook Pro.)Amazon doesn't offer most of the options you can get, only the ones listed. For now (and probably later), that's the Pro with 16GB RAM and 512GB or 1TB SSD, or the Max with 32GB RAM and 1TB SSD. 3 versions total.Screen Brightness* and HappinessThis screen can get up to 1600 nits brightness and can sustain full-screen brightness up to 1000. That's very impressive, as MBPs since 2016 have topped out at 500.*But the vast majority of the time, this screen will also top out at 500, because those other numbers are only for HDR (high dynamic range, what Apple calls XDR), i.e. some videos and some photos viewed in some programs. If you're browsing the internet, using productivity apps, or the like, those are almost all SDR (standard dynamic range). You'll be seeing them at the same brightness as with MBPs for the last five years.That said, the new screen is beautiful and bright in both HDR and SDR for most situations. For HDR, it puts out more color and brightness, and darker blacks - a million-to-one contrast ratio - with a wider range of light and color that has more pop and more detail in shadows and highlights. It can be dazzling or just more realistic.For SDR, it's much like before, still a gorgeous screen, with better contrast than before because of darker blacks.Has more pixels per inch (254, up from 226), and more pixels all over (3456 by 2234, up from 3072 by 1920). The aspect ratio remains 16:10 (not counting the top menu bar).ProMotionProMotion is Apple's name for screen refresh rates that can go up to 120Hz, or lower to save processor/battery power when 120 isn't needed. This makes motion smoother, more natural.For now where ProMotion applies is limited. Most scrolling in browsing, including with Safari, still tops out at 60Hz. Which is fine for me, but it bothers some people, looks choppy to them. This could be changed with a software update.Bloom and GhostsBloom is when a bright spot on a dark background bleeds out past where it's supposed to be, a common issue with this kind of screen. I and most others think this screen handles it well (better than the iPad Pro), but it can still arise some.Ghosting is when a moving object leaves a noticeable trail of ghost images behind for a fraction of a second, one for each new frame until the old image fades. MBPs are notoriously mediocre at this kind of ghostbusting, and this screen is no exception. Expect the usual haunting, if you notice that kind of thing.PWMFor those concerned (you mostly know who you are), there is PWM (pulse-width modulation) on the smaller 14"" version of this screen, and so very likely on this one too, at a frequency of 14,880Hz at all brightness levels (measured by NotebookCheck). That's a very high frequency, considered well beyond what would cause trouble for the susceptible.The NotchAs you can see in the main photo here, there's a black Notch at the top of the screen. There are no pixels there. The long-desired improved camera is there, and a mic array and light sensor (and maybe room for a Face ID system if they decide to make MBPs with that). As with the iPhone Notch, it's controversial.You can make the Notch disappear, or rather blend in, if you make the background up there black. It also disappears into the black bars when you view things like videos in full-screen mode.The cursor disappears into the Notch if you put it there. If an app has menu items that stretch there, they disappear too, but they'll still function normally if you put the (invisible) cursor on them.Desperate times call for desperate measures. Most apps won't have this trouble, but if you must, you can avoid menu items disappearing by using the ""Scale to fit"" function, which shrinks the entire screen work area a little to fit below the Notch. Makes it look like an old 15"" if the background is black, like there are wide black bezels. (Google ""Scale to fit below built-in camera"" for full instructions and mockery.)There are also third-party apps, such as Bartender, to manage how items appear in the menu bar and keep them visible.Camera and MicsThe new camera that, along with the thinner bezels, makes the Notch necessary, is 1080p, with an f/2 lens for good exposure in the shadows. Video looks noticeably better than before, though it can have a processed look.The three mics sound very clean and natural but with a little less bass than before to my ears, which is fine.Extra ScreensYou can use two external monitors with the Pro, down from four with previous models. They can be up to 6K @60Hz with a billion colors. The Max can still use four: three 6K and one 4K, all @60Hz etc.You can use 4K @120/144Hz HDR monitors too.You can run two from one port if you use the right kind of dock or daisy-chain.Headphone OomphThe new headphone jack has more power for high-impedance headphones. It automatically adjusts, so it won't overwhelm low-impedance phones. If the headphones have less than 150 ohms impedance, they get 1.25 volts RMS. If more, 3 volts. That might cause it to fail to provide enough power to some not-so-high-impedance headphones that still require extra power, such as planars.With my 2016 15"" MBP, I've had to use a portable amp for my Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pros (250 ohm), but now I can pretty well do without it, though sometimes only just. The volume on some sources is still not always what I wish I could make it. But now I can nearly achieve hearing loss with the intro to the guitar riff in ""Money for Nothing."" Which also sounds good, and healthier, a couple notches down.Among other headphones that have tested favorably with the new jack are the DT 990 Pros (250 ohm), and the Sennheiser HD650, 660S, 6XX, and HD800 (150 to 300 ohm).One report says the planar Hifiman HE4XXs (35 ohm planar) sound good, but most planars tested are said to need more power. The Audeze LCD-2Cs are reported to sound good enough, though not their best. The LCD-3s and Hifiman Sundaras and Aryas are said to be underpowered.For my usual regular-impedance phones, Cleer Flow IIs (16 ohm), the wired volume is a little louder than before, though still not always the earsplitting barrage I want for some sources. Maybe for the best.Quality iems (in-ear monitors) that require especially clean input, but not too much, reportedly sound good, including Andromedas and Moondrop Starfields.SpeakersThey're improved from the already laptop-leading speakers from earlier MBPs, with a fuller sound and decent kick, amazingly good for when nothing with a 3"" woofer is around.Apple mysteriously says the 14"" M1 has the same speaker system, but looking inside both machines shows the speakers in the 16"" are bigger - both ""subs"" and tweeters - and located differently, with the subs in the front corners on this one. The 16"" has fuller bass (such as it is).Heat and NoiseThere isn't any.None with my typical use, at least. If you push it hard, it can get warm, but not as hot as my 2016 15"". Which makes sense, as this has a larger enclosure, bigger fans, larger, better heat sinks, and more power-efficient processors. The fans don't have to spin up as much to do the same amount of cooling, so it's noticeably quieter even when it does heat up, rarely makes any noise at all.The 16"" Max comes with a larger heat sink than the 16"" Pro, so likely runs a little cooler and quieter sometimes, though the Max might get hotter when it uses a lot of that extra power.KeyboardVery quiet, much like the older Mac laptop keyboards, not the butterfly ones from 2015-19, but the rest. Maybe less travel in the keys than some of those, but plenty for me.I miss the touch bar sliders for fine control of some functions, but you can still use sliders via the Control Center, the icon next to the date on the screen's top menu bar. That's also where control of the keyboard backlight is, no more control for it on the keyboard.TouchpadThe best available by far, responsive and large so you can carry the cursor over a large area with more control. For clicks, it's great. For taps, which I turn off, it's not as great, according to those who prefer that - appears to be a software issue.PortsThere's one less Thunderbolt/USB-C port than before, but 50% more bandwidth (3 controllers instead of 2).The HDMI is 2.0, can drive up to 4K HDR @60Hz.The SD card reader is shallow, so the cards stick out. There might be room for a flush micro-SD adapter. I only have cards up to 64GB, which work fine. Some people have had trouble reading some cards, so it may be finicky.Battery LifeI usually keep plugged in, but the reviews I've seen that cover battery life tests typically say it's the longest of any similar machine they've tested, including PCs. Reports of battery life for office work, browsing, watching videos, and so on generally range from 10 to 16 hours, sometimes more. It can go unusually long with heavy use too, 5 hours or more of video work, for example. Max Tech did 10 benchmark and stress tests with it in a couple hours, some maxing out the CPU or GPU for up to ten minutes, and it still had 36% left.At normal settings, there's no performance hit until you get down to 3%; until then you can process or game at full tilt. There's a low-power mode that extends battery life by limiting performance, lowering screen brightness, etc. The Max also has a high-power mode, but it seems to only ramp up the fans sooner to help cooling. Apple's description and tests in reviews indicate it doesn't affect performance in any direct way.The Max has tended to have a little less battery life than the Pro in reviews. The only good tests I've seen that compared directly either found negligible differences or up to 15% less battery life for the Max. (Other tests haven't been well controlled.)You can quick charge to 50% in a half-hour. The new power brick is 45% more powerful than before, and maybe 30% larger lengthwise, still small for what it does. You can charge at lower speed with smaller bricks (not included) via the USB-C ports.Size and WeightIt's noticeably heavier than before, about 5 ounces over the previous 16"", and not quite as sleek, but it's sleeker than I was expecting from the photos.RepairabilityHa ha! But really, it's better than it was. Battery modules now have pull tabs so they can be more easily replaced. The screen can be replaced more easily, but if Apple doesn't do it you lose True Tone (which I don't want anyway). The headphone, Thunderbolt and MagSafe ports can be replaced without replacing the logic board. Now rates a 4/10 from iFixit for repairability, up from 1/10 for the previous model.CompatibilityComes with Rosetta 2, which enables M1 Macs to use programs written for Intel Macs, and usually works very well.There's no more Boot Camp, so to run Windows or Windows programs you have to use third-party software like Parallels, which runs Windows by emulating a Windows machine (and requires a Windows license), or Crossover, which modifies Windows programs to run on Macs.  Which works best, or at all, depends on the program.GamingWoW *mostly* runs 50 to 120fps at high settings and resolution, depending on the location. Some places can't even manage 50 at those settings, though, but do OK at more compromised settings. Baldur's Gate 3, Diablo III, CS:GO and several others can run at 60-100fps or better at good settings.You can play Windows games via Parallels or Crossover. They generally don't run as well, but some do fine.Most games, including native ones, run quite a bit better on the Max, with up to 2x the fps. Final Fantasy XIV is hit and miss at good settings even with the Max.Gaming isn't usually hot or noisy, can get warmer with light fans for the games that aren't running natively. And there's no noticeable performance hit for gaming on battery.WorkI have to mention the less fun part: how well this does things you might have to do at work. It does almost all of it better than before, much of it way better. Here's how it compares according to actual test results from numerous sources with Xcode, Logic Pro, Lightroom, Blender, Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, and so on. The range of comparison depends on what the task is.Previous base MBP 16"" (Intel i7 AMD 5300): The Pro is 60% to several times faster.Previous top-spec'd MBP (i9 5600M): The Pro is about the same to 2 or 3 times faster.Regular M1 machines (not M1 Pro or Max): The Pro is about the same to several times faster.The 14"" M1 Pro with same specs: The same, though the 16"" has the bigger battery and heat removal system, so it fares better in those ways.Windows laptop work stations: This is complicated, but the Pro can thrash most Windows laptops in most intensive work-related apps. It lines up very roughly with machines with a good i7/i9 and an RTX 3070, but generally can't keep up with the RTX 3080. The Pro uses a fraction of the power, and so only produces a fraction of the heat and noise, if any. And lasts and performs much better on battery.Pro vs MaxThe Max is about the same to twice as fast as the Pro, mostly between those extremes. The CPU is much the same, but the GPU is double the cores, so the main advantage is in graphics-heavy work.Besides the GPU cores, the Max has twice the bandwidth for memory transfer, two hardware video encode engines instead of one, and some extra cooling capacity.If you're already successfully using a Mac laptop, you don't *need* the Max, since the Pro is already better than what you have. But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from the Max's extra power if you have the money. For intensive video editing, massive photo editing, or better gaming (though cheaper Windows machines will play most games better), the Max has real advantages.To confuse things a little more, Apple (but not Amazon currently) also offers a demi-Max with a 24-core GPU, halfway between the Pro's 16 and the Max's 32. It's a cheaper way to get the extra bandwidth, video encoder, and cooling advantages of the Max. Tests show that in graphics-intensive tasks it operates roughly midway between the Pro and 32-core Max, often more than half, as expected.WarrantiesThis comes with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects that includes free phone support for the first 90 days. If you want to also cover accidental damage (with deductibles) and extend the regular warranty and free tech support to 3 years, you can buy 

AppleCare+ from Amazon

   (link embedded) or Apple. You get 60 days from purchase to buy it, but coverage for accidents doesn't start until you do. (I always self-insure when I can, so I didn't get it.)DecalsLast and least, this comes with two black Apple decals, the sign of true professional Apple equipment."
595,Out of the box unusable for me. This MacBook Pro does not have any USB ports to be able to restore from a previous Mac back up that’s on an external drive. You must buy an adapter. Since I live in a remote area I’d have to order online and wait. You cannot even plug a iPhone12 Pro Max directly into it. The only ports it has are thunderbolt. So even Apple’s own lighting connector needs an adapter. The keyboard is a downgrade from the old keyboard. Solid black plastic instead of plastic keys surrounded by aluminum which were easier to see. Had to call Apple support to download an update because there is no reset option in the System Preferences of OS Monterey. And the update did not work to give it that option. Will have to figure out a different option to remove my account and information to return it. This particular MacBook is defective I believe.
596,I ordered the 2021 16 inch right away as I knew they would probably sell out fast. I had to make sure I had one for my trip I am leaving on soon.  As soon as I opened it the screen would never come on.  Thought maybe it needed charging so I tried that.  Still nothing but a black screen.  It kept making the sound when you open it up even when it was closed over and over again.  I took it to the local Apple Store hoping I could get some answers.  They tired to get it to work and could not either.  They said it is very strange and maybe something happened to it during shipping.  They said since it is brand new it would be best to get my money back from Amazon.  I thought maybe I could just exchange it before my trip but the one I ordered is out of stock.  I will try the 14 inch and see if I like it compared to the size of the 16 inch since it is in stock.  This is a first MacBook Pro I have ever purchased and now I am a bit nervous.
597,"Here are the temperature results for the new cool MacBooks compared to the old overheating intel ones. 91 degrees for the old one near the processor, and 74 degrees on the new ones. Both had been running for hours transferring files nonstop. Amazing. I have been editing video, transferring large files and not once have the fans kicked on. Makes me want to cry."
598,"Finally, this 2021 MacBook Pro cured my depression!"
599,Arrived DOA - wouldn’t start up. Spent hours on the phone with Apple support and still wouldn’t start. Returned - c’mon man!
600,"This laptop is unbelievably fast. Between the screen, battery life, and performance, this laptop is head and shoulders better than any competition."
601,My first ever MacBook. Switched over from PC and I can't believe I didn't switch sooner! On the pricer side but I'm super happy with my purchase!
602,"I have been using my MacBook Pro from 2014 for work until last week when I finally purchased this MacBook Pro. My old MacBook starts up and works as fast as the day I bought it. The only reason I bought a new MacBook was because the battery life was getting low. I probably could have just bought a new battery and it would have been fine.That being said, I did hold out for this MacBook because Apple brought back the ports that I needed. I use the HDMI and SD ports daily. An Ethernet port would have been nice but that’s asking too much. This MacBook has a 2 day battery life and is blazing fast. I use Adobe programs and this MacBook doesn’t even blink when I do live editing. Best laptop I have ever used.I own a business that uses many PC laptops and a couple MacBooks. A PC will never last as long as a MacBook. And, a PC ALWAYS gets slower after 6 months of use. The price is high but you can buy a new PC every 2 years or a MacBook every 7 years."
603,"Coming from a 2019 16in, I feel that this generation is 2 steps forwards, 1 step back.Pros:-Fans are never audible even under full extended load!  This was my #1 issue with my 2019 mac which would have constant fan noise with 2 monitors.-2x battery life-Better screen especially in dark environment or a dark subject-Extremely fast for certain workloads such as video editing and code compilation.-magsafe is back (although I personally don't care for it)-most apps work normally with rosetta emulation, but may have some stutter.Cons:-thicker and SIGNIFICANTLY heavier.-Screen has a notch which is very distracting for me.-Still has some compatibility issues.-Terrible for games.  Only a few titles are supported natively.  I only tested league of legends(uses rosetta emulator), but it was choppy and 1/3 the fps of my 2019 intel macbook.- +$300 base price even though they got rid of intel.-The area I feel apple has made a major misstep is with ports.  I couldn't care less for SD card or HDMI, but everyone who buys this is going to need USB-A.  It's ridiculous that I still have to bring a dongle everywhere just to use my mouse but these ports I never/rarely use are back.Also some developer related tools/libraries aren't working.C# debugger is totally unsupported for example.  Anything that requires gpu hardware acceleration (pytorch) is unlikely to ever be supported in any usable form.  Linux dual boot is unsupported or in early experimental stages.  I also had issues building/running java projects natively, but no issues with rosetta.If you're looking to buy this for an undergrad program, it's probably workable.  However, I'd suggest saving some $ and getting a used mac or windows machine.  Professional devs will be aware of their specific requirements, but I suspect many will need to keep a secondary x86 machine for the foreseeable future."
604,"I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13"" MacBook Pro to the 14"" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13"" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14"" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1"" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13"" model, but smaller than the 16"". I had a 16"" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14"" and 16"" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the ""form factor"" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the ""MacBook Pro"" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14"" and 16"" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13"" had the M1 chip and now my 14"" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13"" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27"" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13"" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14"" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max."
605,"I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this."
606,"M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about ""the notch"" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks ""sharp"" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks."
607,"I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?"
608,sent me base model
609,"I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connects"
610,"I never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it."
611,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!"
612,"This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the ""affordable"" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy."
613,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Sheeeese! What can I say? Apple has done it again 🤪😍 magnificent piece of device I must say."
614,"I pulled the trigger on this thing hoping that the bad reviews were wrong.. some of the comments saying it came dirty and defective definitely gave me pause however, what arrived today was practically a brand new macbook. the device does not show any signs of wear and the battery cycle count is 18, it came with the original power brick and while the cable was used, it was not worn or dirty in any way. While i've only just started using the device about an hour ago, I can tell you that it's speedy and works flawlessly... had I not known it was a refurb when buying it, I would have easily confused it for a brand new mbp.. for those asking, this is a 2017 macbook pro and the specs as quoted are accurate. i'll play around with this thing for a little while and update this review as needed, but so far this looks like a winner!***update***A few months in and it’s still working flawlessly. I don’t regret my purchase for one second, and neither should you!"
615,This is not a 256GB MacBook Pro- they are falsely advertising it as such and then shipping buyers 128GB versions.
616,"Came in used and dirty, and it was not even turn off, I'm gonna return it. So disappointed."
617,"Wow. I cant say enough how happy I am with this laptop! I it arrived early, and for a refurbished computer I swear it doesn't have a scratch, dent, smudge or single flaw anywhere on it! Its fast, the battery is great, its working perfectly! I couldn't be happier with this thing!"
618,"Was excited to receive it and on the outside it had one noticable chip in the case on the cover side (which had a sharp edge to it), but thought that isn't too bad.  But when opening it up the screen in both the top left and top right were broken/chipped/cracked like it had been dropped and they replaced the cover, but not the screen.  This was not acceptable.  Wanted to try it out and ended up learning that some of the keys did not work right (sticky, pushed strange and such), plus the touchpad/mouse was really strange and didn't seem to work correctly.  Too many issues out of the box for me and too concerned that there might be other issues from where it looked to have been dropped and such.  Sending it back and just started that process.  So far the return seems ok....but just hate that the product does not match the description...using their words ""Renewed products work and look like new""."
619,"I ordered the space gray with 256 gb of ram and received a silver with 128gb.  I knew this could happen as the picture did not match the description and I had seen other similar reviews.The good news is it was on time and in flawless condition.  I think I will stick with it and not press my luck, as it is still a fair price and a great machine, but beware."
620,"I have to admit, I don't typically write reviews and I was a little hesistant about the product due to some 1 to two star reviews. The space gray model not only is at a great price, it came to me brand new. With all the specs I was expecting, i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD, and works like a dream. Battery life is great, setting up was easy, and all my Apple Products (iPhone, Apple watch, Earpods) synced with no issues. I'm not sure as to why there were so many negative reviews, but mine is not one of them. SO HAPPY!! I truly recommend."
621,the battery is dead
622,"This product arrived quickly and looked great.  There have been multiple glitches with the power switch and with the screen ever since it's arrival.  Most of the time the power button would require multiple attempts to push before the computer would power up.  When the computer woke from sleep state (opening lid after its been closed for at least fifteen minutes) the screen would be black and then all pixelated.  Most recently, the computer wouldn't even turn on, when it finally did, it was all reset and all the settings were reset.  I lost everything I had put on the computer over the past day.  The seller still hasn't gotten back to me after email and I left a voice message.  I have now initiated a return as I want my money back.  It would have been nice if they had gotten back to me ASAP when I emailed or when I called (during normal hours of operation, by the way) and it went to voicemail.  The fact that they didn't and the computer kept coming up with other issues.  I now will buy a new one.  The value is not there with the aggravation generated."
623,"Multiple reviews mentioned getting devices with used batteries, screen issues, etc.My laptop arrived through FedEx Express with questionable packaging. But everything was intact and fine. The laptop still had the plastic wrapped around it as MacBooks directly from Apple do, even with the screen cover. Only 3 battery cycles out of the box, with a new charger in the box. I am very satisfied with the purchase although in the Q&A section of this product someone mentions that this is a 2018 model, its not, its a 2017 (At least the one I received.) which for me isn't really a big deal since it arrived in exceptional condition. Highly recommend this MacBook."
624,I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA. But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable. Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at home and making zoom calls all the time.
625,"Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours. Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution & bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications (With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there will be a fix soon"
626,"UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1 MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro - and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using ""swap memory"" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful. Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/A) - 2017 12"" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020 Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017 MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful when you have many GPU intensive ""Pro Apps"" running at the same time.I would never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or the dreaded beach ball ""not responding"" issues, or if you have non-Apple programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models, it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac."
627,"The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it with a new one."
628,"Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well."
629,"I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13"" and a 11, both with the previous form factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution) and this new 13"" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great!  2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and looks good with the thin black bezel.  I usually don't go above 50% brightness.- KEYBOARD is good.  Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.  Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is fantastic.  Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC), etc., it has been great.  Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.- LOOKS GREAT.  Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few years old by now) design, looks and feels great.  Form factor is nice and it is a reasonable weight.- NO FAN.  That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap.  Pretty amazing really for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE.  It works great so far on what I have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a laptop using Apple silicon for the first time.  For just day to day use and things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super smooth and fast.  Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it is the base model with 7-core GPU.  Also, things like start up are noticeably faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27"" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH ID is great still.  Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons.  On the other hand, it should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual and a real reason to get this MBA.  Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not really need Face ID if you have the watch).  You can easily send/receive files using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay.  And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still sucks.  Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams, etc.  Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27"" iMac FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS.  Sad that this thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging, DisplayPort).  Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port for other use, pretty lame.  I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH (Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g. Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery.  Easier to have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute, especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem.  Love it so far!"
630,No complains so far.  Very fast and performs great.  I had a 2014 MacBook Air and finally upgraded this year.  This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very happy with this upgrade.
631,"Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new Apple M1 chip.  A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this computer, I have have found several things of concern:1.  my notification center keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2.  my computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS devices (iPhone & iPad).  If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will appear on my mac but not vice versa.  Reminders will not sync regardless of which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET.  THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!"
632,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Bought this laptop bc i needed it for spring semester and i needed an upgrade from my heavy macbook pro. I go to work too so i needed something super light and thin i can just bring everywhere and slide it in my bag.I am obsessed with how fast this macbook is. The battery life is on point. I used it for movies and series at work and it lasted for 3 days. The processor is definitely sooo good. I open so many tabs at once and it has not lagged on me. The keyboard and trackpad is responsive.I love the color. The main reason why i bought this too. 😍😂I have no problems with it at all.Highly recommend"
633,Opened my brand new $1000++ computer and the entire screen was cracked and destroyed. Awesome! Thanks Amazon.
634,"Delivered to me within 12 hours of purchase... Sealed in original apple packaging with protective film, blemish free, not a scratch.. Mint.its powerful, Ive already loaded some big task audio software and broadcast software on it and its flying through the multiple processes together at ease... (Logic 10.5 / Traktor DJ 3.0 / OBS)Super light and portable, If this is a MacBook Pro then I can't even imagine how light the Air models are. Nor could I even imagine why you may need something more powerful. I am having to adjust to the new keyboard and Touch Bar, I keep hitting Siri and volume settings, even as I type this.id also recommend getting a keyboard cover as well.... I hear these keyboards go out sometimes and to repair it. This is no fault to the reseller, but I can't believe Apple with their price points don't offer a bigger SSD for the lowest price point.... 128gb is laughable so be prepared to buy an external SSD along with a Thunderbolt 3 / USB-C Hub to run hdmi, and various external accessories.Overall I love this computer so far, it was a nail biter as I rarely ever shell out $1,000 on anything but I'm very pleased and satisfied with my purchase. And I still cannot find a better deal on the internet, not even used on Facebook marketplace, letgo or craigslist....Five stars"
635,So not worth it. All they want to do is take your money do NOT BUY THIS ONE! Its used and if you search apple on amazon they have brand new with higher stats for cheaper.
636,"Just received this, but so far so good. It looks BRAND NEW. There are literally NO signs of cosmetic wear or damage. It arrived in a sealed apple box. I’m finishing setting up and I already love it. For just under $1,200 for a 2019 model, this is a GREAT deal!"
637,"I really love my MacBook. I really love this laptop. I'm a huge MacBook fan and this works like new. So far I don't have a problem with the butterfly keyboard, but I heard bad reviews about the keyboard from watching YouTube videos. I think that they may have fixed the keyboard problem when they refurbished the product??? I'm not sure, but honestly this a really great laptop for a really great price. I do wish that it came in the original Apple box and packaging, but it wasn't far from the really deal."
638,"It looks and feels brand spanking new! Definitely happy with my purchase considering that I bought a brand new 2020 MacBook Air and hated it. Returned it back in 2 days. I paid a lot less for the Pro than the Air and its A LOT better with so many features. I’m not trying to persuade anyone out of getting the Air but if you are considering on buying a MacBook my advice would be to just go ahead and get the pro. The Air reminds me of a google chrome book slapped with an Apple logo on it. Not saying that google chrome books are bad, but there’s no need to pay a full band for the Air when you could find something similar and a lot cheaper. All in all I really love this laptop."
639,"Bought this laptop with some apprehensions, as i have typically bought refurbished goods from apple directly. This was my first from amazon, and i was not disappointed. The notebook was flawless, not a single scratch on it. second, all the accessories where flawless as well, not signs of usage. When i powered on the notebook to verify usage, the battery had cycled only 3 times, meaning it was still in new condition. Very highly recommended seller. Thanks for a pleasant transaction."
640,"This laptop looked new, straight from Apple store."
641,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen arrived damaged, what a scam.!"
642,"Although I was very skeptical about purchasing a ""refurbished"" MacPro, after reading the reviews for this company, I made the purchase.  The MacPro arrived earlier than expected, expertly wrapped, included Apple certified, and in NEW condition.  There is no way I could tell it was not new or refurbished.  The price was the best I could find after researching other sellers.  I would highly recommend iPower Resale Inc to anyone looking for a MacPro.  Their customer service is exceptional.  Thank you for a great product!  5*****"
643,"When I looked at this product it only had one review and it was a bad one... I then checked all the other products the seller sold and the reviews were excellent, needless to say I took a chance and ordered this MacBook Pro 2019. It arrived before anticipated and it was securely package. I AM SO GLAD I took a chance on them because this MacBook is amazing! Now I’ve waited a couple months before reviewing it to make sure it works. The MacBook looks brand new, it didn’t have any dents or scratches. It works and performs like a new MacBook. I had to contact the seller over the a small issue with the charger and they went above and beyond to correct the issue.Excellent customer service excellent product. I recommend this seller to anyone!"
644,"I got my new MacBook Pro M1 two weeks ago and could not be more happy with it. This machine is absolutely incredible in terms of speed, looks, weight/size, display, and battery life - and texture (it feels so good against the skin on my wrists as I type) and basically anything else you can think of. I also love the space gray color, the new keyboard, the Touch Bar, and the larger trackpad. There are so many options to customize the system to work just the way I like.My previous MacBook was the 2011 model and it still works today, but after 10 years it became too slow and the trackpad had trouble clicking, so after a TON of research, I decided to pull the trigger and get the New MacBook Pro with the M1 chip.A couple suggestions I am able to give after spending almost two months and probably over 30 hours researching the new MacBook are: go with the standard model of 8gb of RAM and the 256 ssd - you can get this on Amazon for $1239 vs $1299 at Apple - so you get to save 60 bucks, and you have the added satisfaction of not having to deal with the snobby nerd losers that work in the Apple Store, who asked me rudely when I went in to get a new laptop ""umm, do you have an appointment? Well, you're going to have to make an appointment if you want to go in the store"". I love Apple products and will never use another phone or computer besides the iPhone and MacBook, but after that experience I will never again give my business to the physical Apple Stores. I mean, seriously, do you really need me to make an appointment to buy a $1300 laptop? Whatever dude.Anyway, in several YouTube videos that compared the 8GB ram model along side the 16GB ram model (costs 200 bucks more), the 8GB performed just as well in nearly every task - and they really pushed it to the limits. The only reason to pay up for the 16GB RAM is if you want to edit 8K UHD videos or are a super serious music recording artist or highly advanced professional photographer - and even then it's not too much of a difference. For the every day user (me or basically anyone who is not a computer professional) the 8GB working with this new M1 chip is mind-blowing, blows any other laptop on the market completely out of the water, and actually even performs just as well as the $2200 15 inch MacBook Pro using the Intel chip. As far as the storage goes, 256 ssd is standard - that's what I got - and you can pay 200 bucks more for 512 ssd or 400 bucks more for 1 TB. But with the Cloud storage available now, you don't really need to keep much on the laptop drive, you can just save it to the cloud.Overall I honestly could go on for hours about every little detail that I absolutely love about this machine. A free one year subscription to Apple TV is also another little perk. But I am still mystified every day at how incredible this machine is. I've been online for over 3 hours now and its still on 92% battery. The new Retina display is brilliant. Everything is perfect. I truly am in love this laptop and would recommend that anyone looking for a new laptop to last a long time and outperform everything else on the market gets the new matchbook 13 inch M1."
645,I bought my Mac from Apple directly not from Amazon. This thing is amazing. Battery life is awesome. Hard to believe that I can work with it all day and do not have to charge at all even with bright screen.No issues with speed at all. I use Matlab a lot and this computer is even slightly faster than my desktop with 12 core AMD CPU and 32 GB ram.Excellent machine. Happy I bought it.
646,"I own over 50 computers and it blows away my 11th gen Dell XPS 13 i7, My surface Book 3, my Ryzen 7 Thinkpad. the first week I got it the battery lasted for 5 days and 22 hrs of use and still had 20% left. I felt guilty and charged it. The Geekbench 5 rating beat all those listed laptops and they had 16 or 32GB of memory and the MacBook Pro M1 had only 8GB of unified memory. The keyboard felt great, the sound was superb, the screen bright, and it was blazing fast in all I did. I'm an IT consultant and deal in Windows based databases and this Mac has now become my daily go to system at home. It has become my new front end."
647,It's a Mac once you go Mac you never go back. This is my second Mac my first lasted almost 9 years.
648,Dead at arrival.... kernel error. Took it to the Apple store they told me looks like a hardware failure and to send it back to Amazon.
649,"I'm going to preface this review with the 1 thing I dislike so we can get that out of the way.I mean let's be honest, that's what most people are looking for when buying a product-the down sides.It has a standard 3.5mm headphone jack EVEN THOUGH apple quit using that on it's handheld products years ago.Not that I care, it's good that they include the 3.5mm jack-but how come they didn't include one for their lightning connector that their headphones come in out of the box? Forces you to either change to a standard headphone jack or BT headphones (probably trying to push their AirPods line).Other than that, I have no issues. It's fast, efficient, reliable and easy to use. If your familiar with iOS on these then it'll be a great addition to the tech team you have at home."
650,"I love my new MacBook Pro!!  It’s the 13” and not too small. It’s very lightweight!  It’s so fast!  I was using an older MacBook Pro from mid 2012. It worked well, just so slow. This one flies!!  I was disappointed that there are no USB ports or CD player. I spent about $65 at Best Buy and got an adapter that works very well!!!"
651,The battery lasts forever and its fast. My last macbook had a pretty good battery and worked very well for years too.The M1 does allow for dual external monitors and there are two usbc ports total. These two things can be worked around with dongles and a video hub but now I have $200 worth of accessories and a tangled mess on my desk.How is a 2020 Mac not compatible with dual monitors but my 2005 HP works great with the same monitor setup?!? I really can't get past that.Get the intel version with 4 USB ports and you can use it in your Covid home office out of the box.
652,"There is no fix for this, and now it can't be returned.  All that money wasted!!! There is a vertical black line on the screen.  I tried to fix it using tips from youtube videos and none of it worked.  Proceed with caution!"
653,"I really wanted to love this laptop. I've had only Macs for years. This was supposed to be an upgrade from my 2014 MacBook Air. I previously had a 2020 16"" intel based MacBook Pro for work configured with two HP monitors. No issues with the monitors and connected instantly with zero effort to get the screens to work with the laptop. Bought this one and connected to my Belkin hub for the HDMIs. Would only connect a single monitor. Googled the issue and found that the new M1 apple chip only supports a single monitor. News to me and I guess I should have researched more. However the low rating stems from the fact that this is a PRO laptop. A professional would want two monitors and should not have to google whether a PRO laptop supports more than 1 monitor when the intel version does seamlessly. Despite this I had planned to keep it and just deal with 1 monitor because of the cost savings over buying the Intel based MacBook Pro and wanted the longer battery life. Now brings me to the issue that made me return the laptop. This laptop just would not configure to show a clear resolution with my monitors. The scale was off and the display just stayed blurry no matter what setting I changed it to on the monitor or the laptop's settings. Tried and tried and just gave up. Returned this and ordered an Intel based 13"" MacBook Pro. No issues, supports dual monitors, and seamlessly integrated to the laptop. No blurry screen and no having to set or change any settings to get it to work. I am floored that Apple would produce a Pro for business that only supports a single monitor. I love Apple but will not buy anything with their chip until the kinks are worked out."
654,This is by far the best laptop ive ever owned! The laptop came with 0 scratches and only 16 battery charges on it. It even came with the apple box and stickers! Highly reccomend for the price. $850 is great for a 2019 macbook air.
655,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Everything I expected and more! Just like brand new!"
656,I love this laptop so so much. I think everyone should get it. The model is between 2018-2020 and the one I got had the Touch ID on it! Everything was very easy to set up and is in such great quality!
657,"Received in a timely manner.  Will review in a couple weeks.Well, it's been over 2 weeks since receiving my MacBook Air and I have to admit that it has proven to be worth it's price. The Retina display is phenomenal and it's compact chassis is just what I was looking for. I am not a power user, so I didn't need major memory capacity. The speakers are, surprisingly, crisp and clear for such a slim build. The fingerprint scanner is quick and a huge convenience. I am (or was) a long-time PC user and resisted getting an Apple, but the transition was smooth and Apple's claim to fame for being user-friendly and intuitive proved true. If you are looking for a compact, yet capable laptop with QWERTY keyboard, I would recommend this product."
658,"After having the laptop a few months, I can say my leap of faith to buy an amazon refurbished was worth it BUT I had to work a little bit.  It didn't arrive perfect and it still isn't perfect.  There is a tiny white dot on the screen where some pixels died (I guess) and when I first got it, I had to call Apple support to get iMessage and Facetime to work on it.  Then I had to take it to the Apple store to get the keyboard fixed as some keys would not work.  Thankfully, I had Apple Care on it so the cost to get it shipped off and fixed wasn't bad.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I recommend this seller, but I will probably buy new next time."
659,"** I have only had the laptop for a week, this review is only based off of the time I have had it**I was so nervous to buy a refurbished computer but this came like it was brand new. New packaging, new charger, spotless laptop. I was worried the battery would be bad and wouldn’t hold a charge. I was wrong. I downloaded over 12,000 photos and was on it nonstop for over 2 days without even having to charge it. I am in love with this!!!"
660,"As in the description exactly, thank the seller for the fast shipping and good packaging"
661,I love this laptop and I’m really happy with all the features. Would definitely recommend.
662,Exactly as expected. Great value.
663,"The product made a loud buzzing/grinding airplane-type noise as soon as it finished setting up which was truly deafening. I presume it was the fan producing this aggravating sound. No programs were running and the room was approximately 68 degrees Fahrenheit so overheating should not have been an issue. Since no computer should ever sound like a coffee maker at any time, I must conclude that it was defective. Return to sender."
664,Exceeded my expectations! Some of the reviews had me a bit nervous but I can’t tell you how happy I am! The laptop is on almost brand new condition! Only 1 TINY nick on the front (you can’t see it unless your looking) and it was perfectly ready for me to set up my account! No issues or problems! It comes in a box perfectly protected and has the charger to go with as well👍🏼 So happy with it! Thank you!
665,"I was so excited because this laptop came in perfect condition. But when I tried to change the unsername to my name it wouldn’t work. 3 calls to Apple later, and I find out this computer is owned by a school that can remotely access my laptop at any time. Meaning, if they wanted to they could shut down and erase my laptop. Amazon gave me a full refund but I am very sad and disappointed"
666,"All in all, the laptop works great! It runs fast, it’s clean, and it’s perfect for what I needed it. The one disappointment I have it they claimed this product as a catagory A which means like new. When it arrived, the screen had two scratch marks on it that was discolored from the rest of the screen. I would understand like new for any other part to have a scratch, but the screen is a big deal and it should have mentioned that in the details."
667,"This MacBook Air is amazing!  I had been previously using a 2007 MacBook Air and it was time to upgrade.  I have never purchased refurbished before so I really didn't know what to expect, though was greatly concerned.  Needless to say that this laptop heavily exceeded my expectations.  Other reviewers stated that their MacBook was not as described, though mine looks brand new.  The keys are still crisp and clean, the screen immaculate.  There are a few light scratches on the outside of the computer (mostly the underside), but it is very minimal and unnoticeable.It runs like a dream, though I have only begun using it.  I will update should the computer have any issues.  It is an early 2015 with 4 GB RAM and its OS is Sierra.  I wanted to share that, as I found the Q&A to be a little confusing on that point and other reviews didn't really mention it."
668,"When I received this package, I was thrilled...until I tried to turn it on and got a “low battery” notification...for 16+ hours. Turns out the cord provided (not a Mac product) is not the correct wattage to charge this device. It’s hard to tell at this point if the computer is faulty or not now that I’ve purchased a new cord from Best Buy, but it shuts down as soon as it’s disconnected from power. The screen is pretty floppy, too- falls back without provocation. All of which seem like things that should have been mentioned in the details before I decided to purchase.After taking this computer to the Apple store, I was informed that the issue was indeed the battery- completely bad and had to be replaced. Again, something that I wish I had known before purchasing. It is in working order now, but doesn’t meet my standards of what “certified refurbished” means, and product details lacking for sufficient purchasing knowledge ahead of time."
669,"It said I had to do an update. When I hit the only update allowed it said the latest version was already installed but it wouldn’t let me go foward.  Also the screen seemed loose.  So if it was cleared out they never installed the new software correctly. So it wouldn’t let me even get to the main screen.  Others had luck but I did not.Also when I plugged the power bar in. It had a bit of a shock come out. As an electrician, I know that was a big no no.  I was willing to spend the money and get the correct power cord. But with everything else. I thought that’s already 3 strikes. No thanks."
670,I was very hesitant buying a used MacBook from Amazon but it turned out great! Looks new and works amazingly. You will receive exactly what was described. I have no complaints!
671,"Good quality, arrived early. As-new condition. Easy to install from my old machine via time machine backup. The old one was a 2010, now we are good for another 5-7 years.Thanks"
672,I have been struggling with this product since day one. I am not getting responses from the seller OR the extended warranty repair company.I have never had trouble with Amazon before. Every issue I have ever had has been settled with ease and courtesy.This has not. Made more devastating as it it is the largest purchase I have had and the product has been unusable almost since day one. We sent it to the extended warranty place who said they fixed it but it still doesn’t work.We have spent hours at Apple doing diagnostics and it is simply not functional. To repair it would cost more than I paid. They do not think that the parts it was refurbished with are even Apple parts.This was a terrible product and not worth the money.
673,"I bought this Mac and it came with a non Apple charger, I bought this as travel computer, sure enough in the first week while I was in Europe I had to buy am authentic Apple charger at $117. Now a month  later my Mac has died. It was having issues as in when I tried to maximize the scene with Netflix it would just shrink to a 3x5"" screen volume,  also the screen had been replaced before I bought it and is not well attached, very disappointed, I bought this last summer, but only started to use it in October when I was traveling, so I spent close to $700 for a Mac that lasted 2 months, return and replacement window has ""closed"" so I am stuck with a hefty repair bill."
674,"Was very iffy about buying refurbished but it’s honestly like new! There are a couple of LITTLE scratches but nothing noticeable! Compared to my friends MacBook Air that she paid 1100$ for and they are the absolute same. Best $500 I’ve ever spent. & the company is AWESOME! The charger didn’t work as soon as I got it & I emailed them. Within an hour I had an email from them and they were sending me a new charger, thankful my friend had her charger that I used until I received mine but the battery last like 2-3 days so it wasn’t that bad."
675,"Seller: IT5050Wowie! My son wanted an Apple Computer for Christmas and I was not about to spend $1000+ on a laptop for a 11-year-old boy. But a refurbished MacBook was definitely priced more appropriate for him. This computer is AMAZING people!!! Looks so clean and new. Only a couple faint scratches on the bottom, the keyboard looks like it was hardly touched, screen is clear and no burn marks in it, plus the battery is great. The seller was so awesome to get me this gift in time for Christmas, they are quick to respond to emails and followed up to make sure it was delivered afterward. (seriously, the nicest people!) I had purchased another renewed MacBook from another seller, and their level of quality wasn’t as good, by far. I wish I could pre-select a quality grade for the laptop (excellent, good, fair, etc.), so it is a little scary just leaving it up to the unknown. I work in the retail business and I like to applaud small companies who sell quality products. Do yourself a favor and go here, they gave me a laptop that is stellar and eased my worries about a refurbished laptop. It really looks so good and is operating perfectly. This is such a smarter way to buy a computer, especially for kids, or if you like to have the pricier brands without spending the high price. – Happy Mommy!"
676,"Wow! Bought this from TECHarvard and was claimed to be Certified Refurbished, which according to the Amazon description should show limited to no signs of wear.  Well the device that I received not only was pretty scratched on the bottom, had a huge ding on the corner of the top cover, but the keyboard showed more signs of wear than the MacBook that I've had for 5 years(Space bar was completely warped).  Definitely does not resemble a new device in any way shape or form.  If they are selling used devices, call them used and mark the price down accordingly.  This is definitely going back."
677,"Overall the laptop is nice. A couple of marks on the outside but works relatively well. There was an issue with the battery that originally came with it. It would shut off around 65% battery life. I asked the seller for a replacement battery, which they gave to me free of charge. However, the replacement battery is not originally an Apple battery and instead a knock off. This issue prompted it to restart randomly no matter what the battery life was at. I’m putting the original battery back in and having Apple replace it with the appropriate battery for an additional fee. I got what a paid for and I won’t make the mistake of buying a refurbished Apple product from anywhere other than the Apple store again."
678,This is the BEST purchase I’ve ever made! The laptop 💻 arrived on time and in MINT condition. It functions beautifully and works flawlessly for my personal and business needs. I would recommend this seller to any & all I know who are in the market for reliable and affordable devices.
679,"Battery doesnt work! I travel to another country with the laptop and web I turned on and unplug it, it shuts down! And in Battery Options appears ""Replace now"". How you can help me? I'm in Ecuador now and wont be back in a year!"
680,"I love my new MacBook Air, it came as expected (relatively like new condition). This my first Mac and I’d purchase it again refurbished, you save greatly and get almost the same product 😀"
681,Bought certified refurbished ended up with a unit with a screen covered in dead pixels. I contacted apple to see how much a screen replacement should be more I'm looking a repair cost more than I paid for the laptop.
682,"DO NOT BUY!!! I purchased this computer for about two month and one day I couldn’t turn it on after it goes into sleep mode for a long time. It just wouldn’t turn no matter what I do, I tried every single method out there. I had to press the power button a hundred times for it to finally turn on. But after a while even that won’t work. The computer is just dead. I had to take it to the computer store and they told me it costs $434 to fix it!!!! Even though I actually paid to get it fixed I recommend everyone do not buy!! It’s not worth the money and will cost you more!! The guy in the computer store told me that there is corrosion inside the motherboard and in order to fix it it costs a lot of money ($434). I am truly upset and wished I would have just bought a brand new one from apple that’s the newest version and which will cost me less than what I spent on this computer!!"
683,"The laptop worked great the first week. Eventually, things started to decline and quickly.  I would constantly have to change the time clock, and that would prevent many apps from working properly or not at all. I also discovered that my webcam did not work. I asked customer service if I could get a replacement laptop, and they gave me a website to help me fix it myself. It did not work. Also, the computer would start dying very quickly, even after a full charge. I would also not start up automatically, even with the charger plugged in. I had to press to start button almost endlessly for it to just power on. Eventually, it just would not cut on at all, even with the charger plugged in. It’s completely dead. Apple says that it should cut on with the charger plugged in if it were a battery issue, so it’s definitely something wrong with it beyond that and it will cost upwards of $400 to fix. I’m totally bummed. It did not even last a year."
684,"BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER, SHE IS 70 YEARS OLD AND BARELY USES THE LAPTOP.THE SCREEN IS IN THIS STATE, APPEARS TO BE PEELING! VERY BAD!!"
685,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Note: My purchase was completed through Kanga Supply for this item that ultimately doesn't function as intended.Amazon Renewed item descriptions indicate that the products should work and look like new, which wasn’t the case for this purchase, ergo my poor rating. After only having the Macbook for less than a day, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the product no longer functioned as intended.CONSThe Macbook worked fine for the first hour or so of use, but during an update, the screen flickered vigorously (see video). I hoped it was just a fluke, and it led me to believe there may be some software or hardware-related issue. After having the Macbook for less than 12 hours, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the screen flickering caused the laptop to become unusable (see picture). I also came here to draft a review in hopes that my issue is resolved quickly and effectively. I'll update my review once this is complete.PROSAfter removing the laptop and inspecting the outside, I was pleased. The outside of the Macbook is in good condition, just one or two visible scratches or marks.The charger was not the original Apple charger (as other reviews have indicated) but an OEM adapter. I don’t care that much about whether it’s an Apple charger, as long as it functions.Specs match the advertised item I purchased:128GB SSD8GB ramEDIT/UPDATE: After reaching out to the seller as instructed with the Amazon Renewed products, I never got a response in the allotted timeframe (2 business days) and was forced to reach out to Amazon directly. Ultimately, this item was returned for a refund.UPDATE 2: Today is 1/13/2020 and I have still yet to see this problem resolved to my satisfaction (refund or exchange of working product), after having ordered this product on 12/26/2019. Highly disappointed both in Amazon and the third-party seller.UPDATE 3: Received a replacement Macbook on 1/15/2020. So far it seems to be working, no issues with the screen per the previous item received (was NOT the same item sent back, verified by serial number). Pleased so far with this item."
686,"The 2015 Macbook Pro is still, in my opinion, the best Macbook even in 2019.  I use the SD card reader all the time and have several USB 3.0 devices.  I also use a newer 2017 quad-core i7 for work (no choice) but the difference in speed is not worth the added money and lacking ports.  When I actually put the newer 2017 to work, the heat issue is still a challenge for Apple and performance drops.  It's like having power that I can't actually use unless I sit in a walk-in freezer. Don't quote benchmark speed tests to me, what counts is actual performance sitting at my desk for hours at a time working on a project. I also prefer the magsafe power (although this one uses the magsafe II which I like less than magsafe I which had a more solid connection) This one, I purchased for my wife and it handles everything she needs it to do. Although you can't upgrade the memory on these models, so make sure you get enough for what you need.  If you want to change out memory, then the best choice is the Mid 2012 non-retina model which also come with DVD drives and has USB 3.0 ports."
687,"First off, I am removing a star because they shipped a counterfeit 60W Magsafe 2 charger with my order. I contacted them immediately and they offered to accept a return of everything. I explained that the charger was my only complaint and they overnight FedEx'd a genuine Apple replacement for free.""we sent you the wrong adapter for this batch of order and will overnight you the correct genuine one.""So they knowingly ship counterfeit chargers with some of their orders?The computer is pretty good cosmetically and operationally, but not as great as other reviewers. It is an Early-2015 12,1 model, this one was built in 12/2016. There is a crease over the right USB port from somebody yanking a USB plug. The battery has 107 cycles (89% life left). Keyboard and display are in great shape with no flaws. The SSD has no dead cells. It came with MacOS 10.13 installed.Overall its a good laptop and decent refurbishment job.EDIT: Knocking off another star. They sent me another counterfeit charger. Apple would never loosely jumble the cord in the box, a genuine power supply doesn't stay powered on for several seconds after it's unplugged from the main or stay lit green/orange after its unplugged from the laptop and this fake only puts out 25 watts max."
688,"I really feel like I got a great deal on this, mine arrived in brand new condition and it looked like it had never been used. I did see some people had bad experiences but mine was well worth the price tag. The only negative was that the charger provided is third party and not OEM Apple. The box is also generic and not Apple, not a big deal but you just don't get that same feeling opening it up as a new product. I will say that I checked the serial number on Apple and the computer itself was only a couple of years old, so in reality I paid around $450 for an Apple that was only a couple of years old with a decent amount of battery life still left. I only bought this as there was certain tasks that I could not do on my iPad and so I did not need a brand new super powerful computer. This one is great, does not get hot, fans are silent and the display looks incredible.Overall I was very happy with the purchase, it came fast and was like new condition at the fraction of the cost of a new one. I actually waited a few months before writing this review so that I could also include that I have had no issues at all in that time, battery lasts a decent amount of time and no software or hardware issues to report. It also runs the latest OS that I updated it to and I believe it will be supported software wise for some time to come. Completely worth the price!"
689,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The Macbook came in working condition with all original components and an OEM charger but not with the extension cord. The major downfall is the condition of the laptop, for the above average asking price for this model I expected great condition as it is stated to be like new but instead the model I received was in okay condition (not cleaned either, large collection of gunk in hinge vent) at best with a lot of edge scratches and deep cuts throughout the chassis, and some unremovable stains from stickers! And worst of all the battery was at over 500 cylces, the battery life was 4-5 hrs max! thats horrible for whats suppose to be a renewed device! Not satisfied!EDIT:  Avoid this entire listing especially from the seller ''Easymobiledevices'', they ship dirty grade b laptop and have poor costumer service."
690,Once i started running it all sort of problems arises. First major problem is wifi drops off and will not let you connect to wifi. After this happens you cant even turn on/off the wifi. Used guest and still no wifi. Restarting or shutdown and restart will not activate wifi. If you restart it takes so long to reboot. Sometimes it get stuck on the waiting wheel on startup. One out of ten restart wifi will work for a minute but then drops off and you will no longer be able to connect again. I cant say anything physically because it looks fine. Lastly beware it shows and says freshly installed mojave os but it has instead sierra installed. The power cord looks like an imitation and not the original one because from the weight it is not the original one. I can tell because i have multiple macbook at home and that is not the original one. I am pretty disappointed with this seller.
691,"I’ll update 15 days from today.CONS:-Delivery packaging: it was a regular box with one thick bubble wrap to protect the laptop.First glance, the charger seems pretty beat up but seems to work fine.-The outer top of the laptop has a lot of scuff marks and scratches. Sides do as well. Nothing TOO severe.-Bottom have some scratches and wearing on the rubber, not too noticeable.PROS:-Had a full battery-Set up went smoothly with no hiccups.-Outer signature glowing Apple works well.-Opening the laptop, the screen has no visible scratches, cracks, or scuffs at all.-Keyboard has no loose keys and is glowing well.-Trackpad has no scratches and works really well no weird working sides SO FAR.-Software automatically updated to Catalina, kinda wanna wait to update to Big Sur.I’ll update March 13, 2021"
692,"Still a GREAT LAPTOP, arguably the best MacBook Pro 13” ever made, 2 or 3 iterations later! I have had mine for 3 months now and although I was a little disappointed that I got a no-brand MagSafe power brick instead of an Apple brand, it’s caused no problems for me. I have been using Logic Pro X a lot and it runs nice and smooth even with the haphazard way I use it, leaving muted unused tracks all over the place as I learn about things like track bouncing and experiment with every single effect and different audio formats (I feel bad sometimes like I am unnecessarily abusing the laptop, lol) and I haven’t frozen or crashed at all. I have used a few emulation programs for old Saturn, Super Famicom, PS and Dreemcast games that push the 2D sprite and parallax scrolling envelope and again I haven’t had any problems. Only thing I have experienced that has been an issue is the actual Mac OS and it’s limitations with regard to formats, programs that it supports and connectivity with outside developers but I have also been able to get around that by setting Virtual Machines up and GUID partitioning to use whatever other OS I need. This is also not a complaint about the hardware itself but rather the Mac OS software so should not be considered when it comes to the actual MacBook Pro 13”.You will want to upgrade to an NVME M2 SSD at least 256 GB or 512 GB right away, as the 128 GB SSD will fill up within 2-3 months of moderate use and the newer M2s will increase the OS loading speed more than anything else. Luckily you have your pick of great SSDs like the Samsung 970 Evo, etc that you can easily swap in with a $5 adapter, a screwdriver and no soldering (just search YouTube for “MB Pro 13 2015 SSD upgrade”)…The unique things and PROS about this MB Pro 13” are the older style KEYBOARD that doesn’t break like 2016-later model keyboards do, 2 USB 3 ports, an SD CARD R/W and a FULL SIZE HDMI PORT all built in. This is the last MB Pro 13 with any of those ports on board and the fact that you can swap SSD hard drives with no soldering and very little skill needed, all-in with the M2 you get a sexy little powerhouse for half the price of the newer model Pro 13”s (1/4 price of current gen)! The rest (CPU, onboard graphics, sound/speakers) make this laptop a must have that will likely only appreciate in value $$$!Two Thunderbolt 2/miniDisplayPorts are useful if you want to setup 2-3 Screens, but the CONS Are that you get NO ThunderBolt 3/USB-C ports and more and more adapters and devices require that connection these days, though with the USB 3 ports there are ways around it, complicated as they may be. You also CANNOT UPGRADE RAM unless you know how to de-solder the current ram and solder up new ram (accepts up to 16GB DDR-3 in 2X8GB formation) and setup the machine to accept the new ram, which seems a recipe to completely destroy the board/laptop without at least some Mac building & Mac hardware programming know-how, possibly even special equipment.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE MODEL WITH THE AMOUNT OF RAM YOU NEED BUILT IN & a CPU that will be sufficient for you and you won’t be disappointed with this awesome little 6 year old laptop! Don’t get the 4 GB model even if it will “work” for you “short-term”! I got the 8GB/i5 2.9Ghz/128GB and I already regret not paying another $100 for the 16GB ram model, but c’est la vie.Just buy this MacBook Pro 13” while you can, replace the SSD as soon as possible, enjoy it, keep it another 5-10 years and you will likely be able to triple your investment by reselling it assuming Apple stays on their current trajectory with their MB Pro Hardware releases!!!"
693,"Hi, I bought this Macbook Pro 13"" early 2015 and received last week on Aug 23th. The laptop has a good appearance and doesn't have any flaws. However, the charger(45w) packed together with the macbook is not for macbook pro but for  Macbook Air. I just found out today, cuz when I use the charger(45w) laptop cpu temperatures goes up to 65-85 celcius. and I can't use more than 4 hours. But when I charge my macbook with Macsafe 1 (85w, which is for Pro), the cpu temperature keeps 40-50 degree, and it runs around 10hours. I want to change my charger into “MacBook Pro Charger 85w”. Thank you."
694,I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.I can't use the Mac because the hard drive was not reset and the software on the Mac dose not allow you to use it.Also there was no charger.Again very disappointed.
695,"Looks brand new, wrapped and sealed in Apple packaging. Plugged it in and turned it on and let it go. Absolutely no problems, it was automatic and wonderful to have the computer set itself up. Has performed flawlessly as expected of an Apple laptop."
696,"The laptop arrived in fair condition.  The screws show signs of wear so it may have been opened up during the ""renewal"" process.  Old stickers were left on the bottom. Also, the laptop was shipped with a cheap knockoff Chinese charger.  I have no reason to trust this charger so I'll have to order a genuine Apple one instead.Fortunately I don't need this machine to be a workhorse or I would send it back.  This should survive a year at least but I don't trust it as-is - I will wipe the hard disk, NVRAM, and SMC just to be safe."
697,Product was faulty. The charging port wouldn't hold the plug. I returned it. I don't think the refurbishing process is very competent.
698,"This is exactly like the MacBook I was given for work that was stolen on a plane flight. No problems with this as a replacement so far, smooth sailing for 3 months already! I got the protection plan just in case, but I'm very satisfied with this cheaper than new replacement. Will update if there are any issues that arise. Would recommend."
699,"Idk what I was thinking not having an apple in the first place. This laptop is very easy to use, fast, and I’m excited to see how productive I can be with this format. I feel free, nothing holding me back now!! Unlike old pc with unresponsive interface, slow speeds, and constant crashes, this one gives me no problems!!"
700,This laptop was literally like brand new out of the box. So far my daughter is so thrilled with her graduation gift. She is ready for college now!!!
701,"Our first ever Mac but so far its been quite impressive. It was easy to setup and get it going. It works well and very easy to use, turn on/off, carry around and day to day life. Wish the battery would last a bit longer."
702,"BUYER BEWARE!I knew by choosing a refurbished computer, I was taking a risk, but I never expected this. When I received this MacBook Air, I was surprised it was the model Apple stopped making in 2017, since the title said “Newest Version.” I emailed the seller and they said Amazon forced that in the title and told me I could return it. I work full time, am in grad school, and have three kids. I figured with it being an Apple it would last long enough to get me through school, so I kept it. Now, six months later the screen won’t turn on. It’s completely black.I am able to connect to an external monitor and use the computer that way, so I know it’s the display. After trying to adjust the brightness, several resets, resetting the SMC and the PRAM, I called Apple Support. They ruled out all software issues and told me it had to be the hardware.At this point I contacted the seller and they basically told me “sorry, it’s outside of the 90 day window so there’s nothing we will do for you.” I have escalated to Amazon trying to get some kind of resolution. They just confirmed there is nothing they are willing to do for me. They also are not doing anything to penalize the seller, All Out Apple. I'm shocked at Amazon. Shady sellers like All Out Apple will always be around, but I really thought Amazon was better than Ebay in that way. Lesson Learned.There is no reason a MacBook Air should have a display of a completely stops functioning after six months of use, even refurbished. I’m grateful that I had a work-provided monitor I can plug into to do my schoolwork, but if I was aiming to be tethered to my desk, I would have bought a Mac Mini."
703,"Got the computer two days early! this was probably the fastest delivery I've ever received from amazon. I wasn't going to buy refurbished but I really wanted another MacBook and shelling out $2k for a new one was simply out of the question. When I saw the price for this MacBook Air, I decided to roll the dice and buy it. I knew it could possibly come not as advertised, such as having scratches or not being updated as far as software is concerned but when I opened it up it was practically BRAND NEW! set up was simple as can be! only took me 5 minutes to sign in with my Apple ID and all my information was synced between my iPhone and iPad and onto the MacBook Air. There were a few minor scratches less than a couple centimeters on the bottom of the computer nothing that noticeable. the charger doesn't stick as well as I'd like and one of the hinges is half broken off but I've that same issue with practically every MacBook I've ever had. I was really surprised with the quality. it said 2017 version but with all the updates and new iterations its hard to gauge which MacBook your getting I thought I was purchasing a much older MacBook Air than what I got this thing is amazing and the 13 in screen is far larger than I expected it to be feels like a 15 or 17 in display when having it in your hands/ the computer itself is incredibly light, the main reason I chose the air you can carry it in anywhere with one hand and hardly feel it definitely much lighter than my 2020 iPad 11"" All in all if you're on a budget, this computer is the way to go! for $400 its practically brand new and runs like a dream! thanks amazon for this incredible refurbished Mac! love it !"
704,"I don’t what to think I bought 2017 16gb 256 ssd but I received a refurbished 2019 8g 256 perfectly packaged, I can’t put apple care I already call for that but im not sure to keep it because I want a computer of 16of ram but this one is 2019, im gonna give the chance to see how it works, And it cost me the same price of a refurbished 2019 Of apple but those ones you can put apple care"
705,"hola, soy de peru. Estoy contento con la compra, la compre por el precio, y me llego tal cual las especificaciones.(late2018,2.3gz,8ram,256ssd). la bateria llego con 350 ciclos aproxen cuanto a lo estetico, tenia pequeños arañones en un costado, pero nada grave, la pantalla intacta y el touchbar ok. el cargador sellado oem.califico la compra como 9/10."
706,Got a few months out of this before the screen started disappearing intermittently. Then it wasn't so intermittent. I'd have much rather spent the extra money to get a new computer that didn't break than to buy something second-hand and have to decide to repair or replace.
707,"Considering I was 100% ripped off, I would not recommend you purchase from this seller, I did not receive what I wanted, the serial number for a COMPUTER comes up as an iPhone 11... Just.. No."
708,This computer was working fine and all of a sudden the screen went out.  Cost me $640 to fix it.
709,"Delivery was super fast, considering I’m in South Africa. The laptop is simply beautiful, woks well, no complaints, I love it."
710,"Positivo, EXCELENTE EQUIPO!!!"
711,So far this was a steal. Great product for a great value.
712,super machine
713,The space key and some of the keys were not working As they are supposed to. Really sticky
714,"Arrived, boxed well with balloon cushions. Power adapter looked clean but had scratches. Opened up the Lid of the MacBookPro and it looked like it had some sort of disease or cancer & it smelled quite strange too. It had over 50% battery so I carried on with a reset which resulted in an error. Luckily it booted back into Yosemite OS that it had installed years ago, after 3 failed attempts managed to update to Mojave. Of course first things first copy music etc onto, USB stick struggled to go in either of the USB Ports (look at the photos) was also stuck after insertion but managed to pull out, with a hard pull - full force - anger. Had a look into the ports and discovered they were literally rusted dirty like disgusting, this is not the definition of Refurbished - but 2nd Hand or Heavily Used. Be aware, set your expectations right in oder to avoid any disappointments."
715,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I was super stoked upon arrival, began setting up the laptop and within minutes the screen stopped working. Literally pixels. Severely disappointed. I have gotten ahold of kanga and they are working to replace the device but it has now been over a week since I’ve purchased the unit with two day shipping and still have nothing to show for it. I hope they come through on their end and send me a functional unit."
716,"I've only had it for about a week now and this 2015 MacBook Pro is working phenomenally! I was kinda hesitant buying a refurbished MacBook from Amazon, but I can honestly say I'm go glad I went ahead and did. It came extremely fast and right from opening the box, it was as if I had bought a brand new one right from Apple themselves. There's not a scratch, dent, stain, dust or anything on it. So far it's working extremely well and I will definitely buy form this seller in the future and recommend them to others as well! Great price for a great computer."
717,"I’ve had this MacBook Pro going on 4 days and so far so good! It has met all my expectations and more. I grew up using windows PCs. This is my first Apple computer and I’m happy to have made the transition. Wish I did this long time ago but better late then never. If it wasn’t for the packaging and not being in the original box, I probably wouldn’t be able to tell this was refurbished. This is just based from my experience using MacBooks at the Apple store. Also, there was a few minor scratches on the bottom of the laptop.I will revise and change review in a month if any problems. But as of now, my review above is how I feel."
718,"I've only had it for a couple days, but so far this is a great purchase. The thing looks brand new, and I know it isn't. I am replacing an older Mac and just can't afford the prices of new machines from Apple. Using Migration Assistant (an app that comes with Macs) I was able to restore a time machine backup from the old machine, so I've lost nothing in the transition."
719,"When I ordered this product for the first time, it came with a green line on the screen. I contacted the costumer service, they responded very quickly and replaced it.The second computer came with better specs, I was the happiest person... for 2 months though, the computer suddenly stop responding.Other things that are worth saying:- The charger is generic. A generic charger can easily damage the battery of the computer, that could explain my problem.- The second computer they sent, had a sticker that covered the whole low part of the computer (those stickers that are the same color as the computer and are used to cover up very big scratches.Conclusion: they can deliver a great costumer service, but not a working product."
720,"The macbook pro only worked for a short while. It had a charging/powering problem - wouldn't keep a charge at first, then wouldn't power on even when plugged in. Confirmed it was not a charger issue.I contacted the company who said to send it back for repair. Once they received it they wrote saying it cannot be fixed and charged me a ""restocking fee"" in the amount of the purchase of the laptop. Outrageous!! I even had a protection plan for it. After numerous interactions they refused to help and returned the laptop without telling me. THEN they said they couldn't do anything in terms of a refund because I had the machine. Months later they refuse to resolve it and amazon can't help me because it's a third party seller. An ABSOLUTE JOKE of a company. I'm out over $500.00 with a computer that can't be fixed - and Apple store said they could try but for more than the computer's worth. So yeah. They have my money and I have nothing.DO NOT BUY from these people if you'd like to keep your money."
721,"Hey all! So I’ve gotten into photography lately and needed a upgrade from my old 2012 MacBook Pro and 2011 Asus laptops for editing. Figured a 2015 model would be the way to go for a decent upgrade without spending tons of money. I was super skeptical about buying a reconditioned one through Amazon after reading the reviews and thought about it for about 4 hours before I made the transaction. Next day it was at my door step with me a bit nervous about opening the package and seeing a beat up MacBook, I opened the box and the MacBook was in a bubble wrapped sleeve and that’s it. Okay I’m fine with that but what was the condition of it? Looks like it barely got used or the previous owner always had a case on it. Outside from a few nicks here and there it’s flawless. Turns on and is super quick, the Retina display is beautiful and definitely enjoyable to watch movies. It came with Mojave so the first thing I did was update it to Big Sur and it’s still flawless. I’ve only had it for a day if that but so far I’m happy with my purchase. Just be mindful yours may or may not be like mine condition wise I got lucky. Should you buy one of these? I would I’m pleased with my purchase and I’m sure you would be too. But I’ll update with any issues if they come up in the future. Thankfully I’m a bit tech savvy so whatever happens I’m sure I can fix it."
722,"This of course this is an old model and reconditioned/renewed, so I was expecting it to look somewhat used; however, this MacBook Pro is in PERFECT CONDITION as if I had purchased it new. I'm upgrading from a very heavy and slow 2009 white MacBook that's a dinosaur and I could only do very basic things on it. It has almost zero capability in terms of battery life (it could only be used plugged in) so this laptop is an absolute gem in comparison. This might be why I'm so hyped and elated. Plus the price was very good. *I hope the computer doesn't have some sudden glitch and dies on me...lol!Now, I can finally edit my videos in iMovie, which was not working on the old MacBook, because I couldn't update it anymore. I need this laptop mainly for traveling, to do editing work, I have a 2 monitor PC set-up at home. My only wish is that I could transfer my Adobe CS to the new laptop.SIDE NOTE: it's actually overall a little smaller than my old 13"" (screen size is the same), it's not as heavy, but not as light as the Air; it arrived with Catalina iOS installed and I had to upgrade to Monterey to use the newest version of iMovie - this isn't a complaint, just an observation."
723,"I bought for my mom, great deal (sort-of), works great (after I deleted 2 mysterious old unknown wifi connections)I bought this for my mom, she was always having Windows problems, viruses disguised as virus removal, scammy pop-ups, and so on.  Happy day!  :DThey raised prices during Prime Day, wth?  I thought I was getting a good deal, but afterward I noticed the price went down.  Anyway, I ordered this for my mom.  She's been using Windows and I wanted her to experience a Macbook Pro.  This one is actually even better than mine!  I'm still happily using a Late 2013 2.4 Ghz 8 RAM 256 GB 13-inch Retina, her's is exactly the same except it's a Early 2015 and it's actually got 2.7 Ghz!  Anyway she seems really happy with it.  I set it up for her, and ran the serial number, which was not found, not surprisingly although I'm not sure what that means, and the update page in the App Store looks like it was coded in 1995, so I'm not sure what's up with that.  Could be something funky going on, but all I know is it works and we're happy with it.  She's getting used to using it, and she says it's fast and smooth.  She was getting tired of all the Windows updates and virus stuff and all the spammy popups telling her to purchase a virus disguised as virus removal, yadda yadda yadda, so I am well-pleased that she is now almost a full-blown Mac-head.  Thanks Apple.  I hope to be able to afford an Apple car when they do come out, haha.  I'm not sure about the battery-life yet, but I HAD TO replace the battery on mine, so replacing it on hers should not be a problem."
724,It’s just one continuous problem after the other with this computer. It’s really not worth it to save a little bit of money just buy new not refurbished have your warrantee you’re better off in the long run.
725,For this being my first ever Mac- This was an amazing buy... no scratches or dents. Its basically BRAND NEW. 😝😝😝The only thing is that it says 512gb but the space says 256gb so be wary of that.But other than that I am really happy with my purchase.
726,Good
727,Love it
728,"the product arrived with the screen broken. I would like a refund of $ 400 to repair it, since he is now in Brazil."
729,So happy with this purchase. Even my kids said it looks like the new ones. Has some minor imperfections but at the cost totally acceptable. Would definitely purchase from this seller again.
730,"I purchased through amazon this m1 chip 512 gb 8ram macbook pro 2020 year manufacture.  I’m a mac user of many years.  The computer is blazing fast, slim, light with great battery life. A huge bonus—-little need for additional  anti virus add on software since the macbook anti virus platform is very solid. A hidden gem when you buy any apple device is phenomenal tech telephone support.  The advisors at the apple stores and by telephone are the best part of the apple experience for me and even rival the devices they sell. Yes, I hate the high prices and know the game but over time I’ve  accepted their price points because of the incredible tech support."
731,battery would not take any charge  stuck at 1%
732,"I cannot believe the condition my Macbook is in, you can’t even tell if it’s used and the packaging was very nice and professional with the white box and wrapped just like it is when you get it directly from Apple. I am super happy with my purchase, thanks Amazon."
733,"Good, but it is a little small.. easy to control. Recommend if you are hard to control your computer"
734,Computer will not charge.
735,"""Refurbished"" even though Battery life was non existent from the startup, always check the reviews on laptops to make sure they have over 200, cause then you won't be played by greedy ass people like I was"
736,"Minor scratches , for the price reduction is a great buy !!!"
737,Light weight
738,"El producto reacibdiocionado en muy buen estado, funciona perfectamente y venía totalmente protegido y embalado. Muy satisfecho con la compra"
739,"Looks and acts brand new. Everything exactly as advertised. Will update if I have any issues but after a week I can say, I am pleasantly surprised!"
740,"This is an unusually large advance over previous models, especially in raw computing power, but also in fun things like screen and headphone support.This Amazon listing has two different processors, the M1 Pro (listed as 16-Core GPU ""style"") and the M1 Max (32-Core GPU). I'll call one the Pro, the other the Max. I got the base Pro, but much of what I'll say applies to both, and I'll have some comments specifically about the Max too. (MBP below = MacBook Pro.)Amazon doesn't offer most of the options you can get, only the ones listed. For now (and probably later), that's the Pro with 16GB RAM and 512GB or 1TB SSD, or the Max with 32GB RAM and 1TB SSD. 3 versions total.Screen Brightness* and HappinessThis screen can get up to 1600 nits brightness and can sustain full-screen brightness up to 1000. That's very impressive, as MBPs since 2016 have topped out at 500.*But the vast majority of the time, this screen will also top out at 500, because those other numbers are only for HDR (high dynamic range, what Apple calls XDR), i.e. some videos and some photos viewed in some programs. If you're browsing the internet, using productivity apps, or the like, those are almost all SDR (standard dynamic range). You'll be seeing them at the same brightness as with MBPs for the last five years.That said, the new screen is beautiful and bright in both HDR and SDR for most situations. For HDR, it puts out more color and brightness, and darker blacks - a million-to-one contrast ratio - with a wider range of light and color that has more pop and more detail in shadows and highlights. It can be dazzling or just more realistic.For SDR, it's much like before, still a gorgeous screen, with better contrast than before because of darker blacks.Has more pixels per inch (254, up from 226), and more pixels all over (3456 by 2234, up from 3072 by 1920). The aspect ratio remains 16:10 (not counting the top menu bar).ProMotionProMotion is Apple's name for screen refresh rates that can go up to 120Hz, or lower to save processor/battery power when 120 isn't needed. This makes motion smoother, more natural.For now where ProMotion applies is limited. Most scrolling in browsing, including with Safari, still tops out at 60Hz. Which is fine for me, but it bothers some people, looks choppy to them. This could be changed with a software update.Bloom and GhostsBloom is when a bright spot on a dark background bleeds out past where it's supposed to be, a common issue with this kind of screen. I and most others think this screen handles it well (better than the iPad Pro), but it can still arise some.Ghosting is when a moving object leaves a noticeable trail of ghost images behind for a fraction of a second, one for each new frame until the old image fades. MBPs are notoriously mediocre at this kind of ghostbusting, and this screen is no exception. Expect the usual haunting, if you notice that kind of thing.PWMFor those concerned (you mostly know who you are), there is PWM (pulse-width modulation) on the smaller 14"" version of this screen, and so very likely on this one too, at a frequency of 14,880Hz at all brightness levels (measured by NotebookCheck). That's a very high frequency, considered well beyond what would cause trouble for the susceptible.The NotchAs you can see in the main photo here, there's a black Notch at the top of the screen. There are no pixels there. The long-desired improved camera is there, and a mic array and light sensor (and maybe room for a Face ID system if they decide to make MBPs with that). As with the iPhone Notch, it's controversial.You can make the Notch disappear, or rather blend in, if you make the background up there black. It also disappears into the black bars when you view things like videos in full-screen mode.The cursor disappears into the Notch if you put it there. If an app has menu items that stretch there, they disappear too, but they'll still function normally if you put the (invisible) cursor on them.Desperate times call for desperate measures. Most apps won't have this trouble, but if you must, you can avoid menu items disappearing by using the ""Scale to fit"" function, which shrinks the entire screen work area a little to fit below the Notch. Makes it look like an old 15"" if the background is black, like there are wide black bezels. (Google ""Scale to fit below built-in camera"" for full instructions and mockery.)There are also third-party apps, such as Bartender, to manage how items appear in the menu bar and keep them visible.Camera and MicsThe new camera that, along with the thinner bezels, makes the Notch necessary, is 1080p, with an f/2 lens for good exposure in the shadows. Video looks noticeably better than before, though it can have a processed look.The three mics sound very clean and natural but with a little less bass than before to my ears, which is fine.Extra ScreensYou can use two external monitors with the Pro, down from four with previous models. They can be up to 6K @60Hz with a billion colors. The Max can still use four: three 6K and one 4K, all @60Hz etc.You can use 4K @120/144Hz HDR monitors too.You can run two from one port if you use the right kind of dock or daisy-chain.Headphone OomphThe new headphone jack has more power for high-impedance headphones. It automatically adjusts, so it won't overwhelm low-impedance phones. If the headphones have less than 150 ohms impedance, they get 1.25 volts RMS. If more, 3 volts. That might cause it to fail to provide enough power to some not-so-high-impedance headphones that still require extra power, such as planars.With my 2016 15"" MBP, I've had to use a portable amp for my Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pros (250 ohm), but now I can pretty well do without it, though sometimes only just. The volume on some sources is still not always what I wish I could make it. But now I can nearly achieve hearing loss with the intro to the guitar riff in ""Money for Nothing."" Which also sounds good, and healthier, a couple notches down.Among other headphones that have tested favorably with the new jack are the DT 990 Pros (250 ohm), and the Sennheiser HD650, 660S, 6XX, and HD800 (150 to 300 ohm).One report says the planar Hifiman HE4XXs (35 ohm planar) sound good, but most planars tested are said to need more power. The Audeze LCD-2Cs are reported to sound good enough, though not their best. The LCD-3s and Hifiman Sundaras and Aryas are said to be underpowered.For my usual regular-impedance phones, Cleer Flow IIs (16 ohm), the wired volume is a little louder than before, though still not always the earsplitting barrage I want for some sources. Maybe for the best.Quality iems (in-ear monitors) that require especially clean input, but not too much, reportedly sound good, including Andromedas and Moondrop Starfields.SpeakersThey're improved from the already laptop-leading speakers from earlier MBPs, with a fuller sound and decent kick, amazingly good for when nothing with a 3"" woofer is around.Apple mysteriously says the 14"" M1 has the same speaker system, but looking inside both machines shows the speakers in the 16"" are bigger - both ""subs"" and tweeters - and located differently, with the subs in the front corners on this one. The 16"" has fuller bass (such as it is).Heat and NoiseThere isn't any.None with my typical use, at least. If you push it hard, it can get warm, but not as hot as my 2016 15"". Which makes sense, as this has a larger enclosure, bigger fans, larger, better heat sinks, and more power-efficient processors. The fans don't have to spin up as much to do the same amount of cooling, so it's noticeably quieter even when it does heat up, rarely makes any noise at all.The 16"" Max comes with a larger heat sink than the 16"" Pro, so likely runs a little cooler and quieter sometimes, though the Max might get hotter when it uses a lot of that extra power.KeyboardVery quiet, much like the older Mac laptop keyboards, not the butterfly ones from 2015-19, but the rest. Maybe less travel in the keys than some of those, but plenty for me.I miss the touch bar sliders for fine control of some functions, but you can still use sliders via the Control Center, the icon next to the date on the screen's top menu bar. That's also where control of the keyboard backlight is, no more control for it on the keyboard.TouchpadThe best available by far, responsive and large so you can carry the cursor over a large area with more control. For clicks, it's great. For taps, which I turn off, it's not as great, according to those who prefer that - appears to be a software issue.PortsThere's one less Thunderbolt/USB-C port than before, but 50% more bandwidth (3 controllers instead of 2).The HDMI is 2.0, can drive up to 4K HDR @60Hz.The SD card reader is shallow, so the cards stick out. There might be room for a flush micro-SD adapter. I only have cards up to 64GB, which work fine. Some people have had trouble reading some cards, so it may be finicky.Battery LifeI usually keep plugged in, but the reviews I've seen that cover battery life tests typically say it's the longest of any similar machine they've tested, including PCs. Reports of battery life for office work, browsing, watching videos, and so on generally range from 10 to 16 hours, sometimes more. It can go unusually long with heavy use too, 5 hours or more of video work, for example. Max Tech did 10 benchmark and stress tests with it in a couple hours, some maxing out the CPU or GPU for up to ten minutes, and it still had 36% left.At normal settings, there's no performance hit until you get down to 3%; until then you can process or game at full tilt. There's a low-power mode that extends battery life by limiting performance, lowering screen brightness, etc. The Max also has a high-power mode, but it seems to only ramp up the fans sooner to help cooling. Apple's description and tests in reviews indicate it doesn't affect performance in any direct way.The Max has tended to have a little less battery life than the Pro in reviews. The only good tests I've seen that compared directly either found negligible differences or up to 15% less battery life for the Max. (Other tests haven't been well controlled.)You can quick charge to 50% in a half-hour. The new power brick is 45% more powerful than before, and maybe 30% larger lengthwise, still small for what it does. You can charge at lower speed with smaller bricks (not included) via the USB-C ports.Size and WeightIt's noticeably heavier than before, about 5 ounces over the previous 16"", and not quite as sleek, but it's sleeker than I was expecting from the photos.RepairabilityHa ha! But really, it's better than it was. Battery modules now have pull tabs so they can be more easily replaced. The screen can be replaced more easily, but if Apple doesn't do it you lose True Tone (which I don't want anyway). The headphone, Thunderbolt and MagSafe ports can be replaced without replacing the logic board. Now rates a 4/10 from iFixit for repairability, up from 1/10 for the previous model.CompatibilityComes with Rosetta 2, which enables M1 Macs to use programs written for Intel Macs, and usually works very well.There's no more Boot Camp, so to run Windows or Windows programs you have to use third-party software like Parallels, which runs Windows by emulating a Windows machine (and requires a Windows license), or Crossover, which modifies Windows programs to run on Macs.  Which works best, or at all, depends on the program.GamingWoW *mostly* runs 50 to 120fps at high settings and resolution, depending on the location. Some places can't even manage 50 at those settings, though, but do OK at more compromised settings. Baldur's Gate 3, Diablo III, CS:GO and several others can run at 60-100fps or better at good settings.You can play Windows games via Parallels or Crossover. They generally don't run as well, but some do fine.Most games, including native ones, run quite a bit better on the Max, with up to 2x the fps. Final Fantasy XIV is hit and miss at good settings even with the Max.Gaming isn't usually hot or noisy, can get warmer with light fans for the games that aren't running natively. And there's no noticeable performance hit for gaming on battery.WorkI have to mention the less fun part: how well this does things you might have to do at work. It does almost all of it better than before, much of it way better. Here's how it compares according to actual test results from numerous sources with Xcode, Logic Pro, Lightroom, Blender, Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, and so on. The range of comparison depends on what the task is.Previous base MBP 16"" (Intel i7 AMD 5300): The Pro is 60% to several times faster.Previous top-spec'd MBP (i9 5600M): The Pro is about the same to 2 or 3 times faster.Regular M1 machines (not M1 Pro or Max): The Pro is about the same to several times faster.The 14"" M1 Pro with same specs: The same, though the 16"" has the bigger battery and heat removal system, so it fares better in those ways.Windows laptop work stations: This is complicated, but the Pro can thrash most Windows laptops in most intensive work-related apps. It lines up very roughly with machines with a good i7/i9 and an RTX 3070, but generally can't keep up with the RTX 3080. The Pro uses a fraction of the power, and so only produces a fraction of the heat and noise, if any. And lasts and performs much better on battery.Pro vs MaxThe Max is about the same to twice as fast as the Pro, mostly between those extremes. The CPU is much the same, but the GPU is double the cores, so the main advantage is in graphics-heavy work.Besides the GPU cores, the Max has twice the bandwidth for memory transfer, two hardware video encode engines instead of one, and some extra cooling capacity.If you're already successfully using a Mac laptop, you don't *need* the Max, since the Pro is already better than what you have. But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from the Max's extra power if you have the money. For intensive video editing, massive photo editing, or better gaming (though cheaper Windows machines will play most games better), the Max has real advantages.To confuse things a little more, Apple (but not Amazon currently) also offers a demi-Max with a 24-core GPU, halfway between the Pro's 16 and the Max's 32. It's a cheaper way to get the extra bandwidth, video encoder, and cooling advantages of the Max. Tests show that in graphics-intensive tasks it operates roughly midway between the Pro and 32-core Max, often more than half, as expected.WarrantiesThis comes with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects that includes free phone support for the first 90 days. If you want to also cover accidental damage (with deductibles) and extend the regular warranty and free tech support to 3 years, you can buy 

AppleCare+ from Amazon

   (link embedded) or Apple. You get 60 days from purchase to buy it, but coverage for accidents doesn't start until you do. (I always self-insure when I can, so I didn't get it.)DecalsLast and least, this comes with two black Apple decals, the sign of true professional Apple equipment."
741,Out of the box unusable for me. This MacBook Pro does not have any USB ports to be able to restore from a previous Mac back up that’s on an external drive. You must buy an adapter. Since I live in a remote area I’d have to order online and wait. You cannot even plug a iPhone12 Pro Max directly into it. The only ports it has are thunderbolt. So even Apple’s own lighting connector needs an adapter. The keyboard is a downgrade from the old keyboard. Solid black plastic instead of plastic keys surrounded by aluminum which were easier to see. Had to call Apple support to download an update because there is no reset option in the System Preferences of OS Monterey. And the update did not work to give it that option. Will have to figure out a different option to remove my account and information to return it. This particular MacBook is defective I believe.
742,I ordered the 2021 16 inch right away as I knew they would probably sell out fast. I had to make sure I had one for my trip I am leaving on soon.  As soon as I opened it the screen would never come on.  Thought maybe it needed charging so I tried that.  Still nothing but a black screen.  It kept making the sound when you open it up even when it was closed over and over again.  I took it to the local Apple Store hoping I could get some answers.  They tired to get it to work and could not either.  They said it is very strange and maybe something happened to it during shipping.  They said since it is brand new it would be best to get my money back from Amazon.  I thought maybe I could just exchange it before my trip but the one I ordered is out of stock.  I will try the 14 inch and see if I like it compared to the size of the 16 inch since it is in stock.  This is a first MacBook Pro I have ever purchased and now I am a bit nervous.
743,"Here are the temperature results for the new cool MacBooks compared to the old overheating intel ones. 91 degrees for the old one near the processor, and 74 degrees on the new ones. Both had been running for hours transferring files nonstop. Amazing. I have been editing video, transferring large files and not once have the fans kicked on. Makes me want to cry."
744,"Finally, this 2021 MacBook Pro cured my depression!"
745,Arrived DOA - wouldn’t start up. Spent hours on the phone with Apple support and still wouldn’t start. Returned - c’mon man!
746,"This laptop is unbelievably fast. Between the screen, battery life, and performance, this laptop is head and shoulders better than any competition."
747,My first ever MacBook. Switched over from PC and I can't believe I didn't switch sooner! On the pricer side but I'm super happy with my purchase!
748,"I have been using my MacBook Pro from 2014 for work until last week when I finally purchased this MacBook Pro. My old MacBook starts up and works as fast as the day I bought it. The only reason I bought a new MacBook was because the battery life was getting low. I probably could have just bought a new battery and it would have been fine.That being said, I did hold out for this MacBook because Apple brought back the ports that I needed. I use the HDMI and SD ports daily. An Ethernet port would have been nice but that’s asking too much. This MacBook has a 2 day battery life and is blazing fast. I use Adobe programs and this MacBook doesn’t even blink when I do live editing. Best laptop I have ever used.I own a business that uses many PC laptops and a couple MacBooks. A PC will never last as long as a MacBook. And, a PC ALWAYS gets slower after 6 months of use. The price is high but you can buy a new PC every 2 years or a MacBook every 7 years."
749,"Coming from a 2019 16in, I feel that this generation is 2 steps forwards, 1 step back.Pros:-Fans are never audible even under full extended load!  This was my #1 issue with my 2019 mac which would have constant fan noise with 2 monitors.-2x battery life-Better screen especially in dark environment or a dark subject-Extremely fast for certain workloads such as video editing and code compilation.-magsafe is back (although I personally don't care for it)-most apps work normally with rosetta emulation, but may have some stutter.Cons:-thicker and SIGNIFICANTLY heavier.-Screen has a notch which is very distracting for me.-Still has some compatibility issues.-Terrible for games.  Only a few titles are supported natively.  I only tested league of legends(uses rosetta emulator), but it was choppy and 1/3 the fps of my 2019 intel macbook.- +$300 base price even though they got rid of intel.-The area I feel apple has made a major misstep is with ports.  I couldn't care less for SD card or HDMI, but everyone who buys this is going to need USB-A.  It's ridiculous that I still have to bring a dongle everywhere just to use my mouse but these ports I never/rarely use are back.Also some developer related tools/libraries aren't working.C# debugger is totally unsupported for example.  Anything that requires gpu hardware acceleration (pytorch) is unlikely to ever be supported in any usable form.  Linux dual boot is unsupported or in early experimental stages.  I also had issues building/running java projects natively, but no issues with rosetta.If you're looking to buy this for an undergrad program, it's probably workable.  However, I'd suggest saving some $ and getting a used mac or windows machine.  Professional devs will be aware of their specific requirements, but I suspect many will need to keep a secondary x86 machine for the foreseeable future."
750,"I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13"" MacBook Pro to the 14"" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13"" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14"" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1"" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13"" model, but smaller than the 16"". I had a 16"" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14"" and 16"" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the ""form factor"" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the ""MacBook Pro"" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14"" and 16"" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13"" had the M1 chip and now my 14"" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13"" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27"" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13"" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14"" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max."
751,"I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this."
752,"M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about ""the notch"" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks ""sharp"" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks."
753,"I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?"
754,sent me base model
755,"I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connects"
756,"I never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it."
757,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!"
758,"This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the ""affordable"" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy."
759,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Sheeeese! What can I say? Apple has done it again 🤪😍 magnificent piece of device I must say."
760,I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA. But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable. Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at home and making zoom calls all the time.
761,"Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours. Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution & bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications (With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there will be a fix soon"
762,"UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1 MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro - and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using ""swap memory"" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful. Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/A) - 2017 12"" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020 Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017 MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful when you have many GPU intensive ""Pro Apps"" running at the same time.I would never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or the dreaded beach ball ""not responding"" issues, or if you have non-Apple programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models, it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac."
763,"The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it with a new one."
764,"Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well."
765,"I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13"" and a 11, both with the previous form factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution) and this new 13"" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great!  2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and looks good with the thin black bezel.  I usually don't go above 50% brightness.- KEYBOARD is good.  Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.  Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is fantastic.  Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC), etc., it has been great.  Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.- LOOKS GREAT.  Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few years old by now) design, looks and feels great.  Form factor is nice and it is a reasonable weight.- NO FAN.  That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap.  Pretty amazing really for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE.  It works great so far on what I have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a laptop using Apple silicon for the first time.  For just day to day use and things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super smooth and fast.  Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it is the base model with 7-core GPU.  Also, things like start up are noticeably faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27"" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH ID is great still.  Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons.  On the other hand, it should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual and a real reason to get this MBA.  Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not really need Face ID if you have the watch).  You can easily send/receive files using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay.  And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still sucks.  Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams, etc.  Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27"" iMac FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS.  Sad that this thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging, DisplayPort).  Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port for other use, pretty lame.  I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH (Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g. Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery.  Easier to have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute, especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem.  Love it so far!"
766,No complains so far.  Very fast and performs great.  I had a 2014 MacBook Air and finally upgraded this year.  This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very happy with this upgrade.
767,"Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new Apple M1 chip.  A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this computer, I have have found several things of concern:1.  my notification center keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2.  my computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS devices (iPhone & iPad).  If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will appear on my mac but not vice versa.  Reminders will not sync regardless of which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET.  THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!"
768,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Bought this laptop bc i needed it for spring semester and i needed an upgrade from my heavy macbook pro. I go to work too so i needed something super light and thin i can just bring everywhere and slide it in my bag.I am obsessed with how fast this macbook is. The battery life is on point. I used it for movies and series at work and it lasted for 3 days. The processor is definitely sooo good. I open so many tabs at once and it has not lagged on me. The keyboard and trackpad is responsive.I love the color. The main reason why i bought this too. 😍😂I have no problems with it at all.Highly recommend"
769,Opened my brand new $1000++ computer and the entire screen was cracked and destroyed. Awesome! Thanks Amazon.
770,"I pulled the trigger on this thing hoping that the bad reviews were wrong.. some of the comments saying it came dirty and defective definitely gave me pause however, what arrived today was practically a brand new macbook. the device does not show any signs of wear and the battery cycle count is 18, it came with the original power brick and while the cable was used, it was not worn or dirty in any way. While i've only just started using the device about an hour ago, I can tell you that it's speedy and works flawlessly... had I not known it was a refurb when buying it, I would have easily confused it for a brand new mbp.. for those asking, this is a 2017 macbook pro and the specs as quoted are accurate. i'll play around with this thing for a little while and update this review as needed, but so far this looks like a winner!***update***A few months in and it’s still working flawlessly. I don’t regret my purchase for one second, and neither should you!"
771,This is not a 256GB MacBook Pro- they are falsely advertising it as such and then shipping buyers 128GB versions.
772,"Came in used and dirty, and it was not even turn off, I'm gonna return it. So disappointed."
773,"Wow. I cant say enough how happy I am with this laptop! I it arrived early, and for a refurbished computer I swear it doesn't have a scratch, dent, smudge or single flaw anywhere on it! Its fast, the battery is great, its working perfectly! I couldn't be happier with this thing!"
774,"Was excited to receive it and on the outside it had one noticable chip in the case on the cover side (which had a sharp edge to it), but thought that isn't too bad.  But when opening it up the screen in both the top left and top right were broken/chipped/cracked like it had been dropped and they replaced the cover, but not the screen.  This was not acceptable.  Wanted to try it out and ended up learning that some of the keys did not work right (sticky, pushed strange and such), plus the touchpad/mouse was really strange and didn't seem to work correctly.  Too many issues out of the box for me and too concerned that there might be other issues from where it looked to have been dropped and such.  Sending it back and just started that process.  So far the return seems ok....but just hate that the product does not match the description...using their words ""Renewed products work and look like new""."
775,"I ordered the space gray with 256 gb of ram and received a silver with 128gb.  I knew this could happen as the picture did not match the description and I had seen other similar reviews.The good news is it was on time and in flawless condition.  I think I will stick with it and not press my luck, as it is still a fair price and a great machine, but beware."
776,"I have to admit, I don't typically write reviews and I was a little hesistant about the product due to some 1 to two star reviews. The space gray model not only is at a great price, it came to me brand new. With all the specs I was expecting, i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD, and works like a dream. Battery life is great, setting up was easy, and all my Apple Products (iPhone, Apple watch, Earpods) synced with no issues. I'm not sure as to why there were so many negative reviews, but mine is not one of them. SO HAPPY!! I truly recommend."
777,the battery is dead
778,"This product arrived quickly and looked great.  There have been multiple glitches with the power switch and with the screen ever since it's arrival.  Most of the time the power button would require multiple attempts to push before the computer would power up.  When the computer woke from sleep state (opening lid after its been closed for at least fifteen minutes) the screen would be black and then all pixelated.  Most recently, the computer wouldn't even turn on, when it finally did, it was all reset and all the settings were reset.  I lost everything I had put on the computer over the past day.  The seller still hasn't gotten back to me after email and I left a voice message.  I have now initiated a return as I want my money back.  It would have been nice if they had gotten back to me ASAP when I emailed or when I called (during normal hours of operation, by the way) and it went to voicemail.  The fact that they didn't and the computer kept coming up with other issues.  I now will buy a new one.  The value is not there with the aggravation generated."
779,"Multiple reviews mentioned getting devices with used batteries, screen issues, etc.My laptop arrived through FedEx Express with questionable packaging. But everything was intact and fine. The laptop still had the plastic wrapped around it as MacBooks directly from Apple do, even with the screen cover. Only 3 battery cycles out of the box, with a new charger in the box. I am very satisfied with the purchase although in the Q&A section of this product someone mentions that this is a 2018 model, its not, its a 2017 (At least the one I received.) which for me isn't really a big deal since it arrived in exceptional condition. Highly recommend this MacBook."
780,"Delivered to me within 12 hours of purchase... Sealed in original apple packaging with protective film, blemish free, not a scratch.. Mint.its powerful, Ive already loaded some big task audio software and broadcast software on it and its flying through the multiple processes together at ease... (Logic 10.5 / Traktor DJ 3.0 / OBS)Super light and portable, If this is a MacBook Pro then I can't even imagine how light the Air models are. Nor could I even imagine why you may need something more powerful. I am having to adjust to the new keyboard and Touch Bar, I keep hitting Siri and volume settings, even as I type this.id also recommend getting a keyboard cover as well.... I hear these keyboards go out sometimes and to repair it. This is no fault to the reseller, but I can't believe Apple with their price points don't offer a bigger SSD for the lowest price point.... 128gb is laughable so be prepared to buy an external SSD along with a Thunderbolt 3 / USB-C Hub to run hdmi, and various external accessories.Overall I love this computer so far, it was a nail biter as I rarely ever shell out $1,000 on anything but I'm very pleased and satisfied with my purchase. And I still cannot find a better deal on the internet, not even used on Facebook marketplace, letgo or craigslist....Five stars"
781,So not worth it. All they want to do is take your money do NOT BUY THIS ONE! Its used and if you search apple on amazon they have brand new with higher stats for cheaper.
782,"Just received this, but so far so good. It looks BRAND NEW. There are literally NO signs of cosmetic wear or damage. It arrived in a sealed apple box. I’m finishing setting up and I already love it. For just under $1,200 for a 2019 model, this is a GREAT deal!"
783,"I really love my MacBook. I really love this laptop. I'm a huge MacBook fan and this works like new. So far I don't have a problem with the butterfly keyboard, but I heard bad reviews about the keyboard from watching YouTube videos. I think that they may have fixed the keyboard problem when they refurbished the product??? I'm not sure, but honestly this a really great laptop for a really great price. I do wish that it came in the original Apple box and packaging, but it wasn't far from the really deal."
784,"It looks and feels brand spanking new! Definitely happy with my purchase considering that I bought a brand new 2020 MacBook Air and hated it. Returned it back in 2 days. I paid a lot less for the Pro than the Air and its A LOT better with so many features. I’m not trying to persuade anyone out of getting the Air but if you are considering on buying a MacBook my advice would be to just go ahead and get the pro. The Air reminds me of a google chrome book slapped with an Apple logo on it. Not saying that google chrome books are bad, but there’s no need to pay a full band for the Air when you could find something similar and a lot cheaper. All in all I really love this laptop."
785,"Bought this laptop with some apprehensions, as i have typically bought refurbished goods from apple directly. This was my first from amazon, and i was not disappointed. The notebook was flawless, not a single scratch on it. second, all the accessories where flawless as well, not signs of usage. When i powered on the notebook to verify usage, the battery had cycled only 3 times, meaning it was still in new condition. Very highly recommended seller. Thanks for a pleasant transaction."
786,"This laptop looked new, straight from Apple store."
787,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen arrived damaged, what a scam.!"
788,"Although I was very skeptical about purchasing a ""refurbished"" MacPro, after reading the reviews for this company, I made the purchase.  The MacPro arrived earlier than expected, expertly wrapped, included Apple certified, and in NEW condition.  There is no way I could tell it was not new or refurbished.  The price was the best I could find after researching other sellers.  I would highly recommend iPower Resale Inc to anyone looking for a MacPro.  Their customer service is exceptional.  Thank you for a great product!  5*****"
789,"When I looked at this product it only had one review and it was a bad one... I then checked all the other products the seller sold and the reviews were excellent, needless to say I took a chance and ordered this MacBook Pro 2019. It arrived before anticipated and it was securely package. I AM SO GLAD I took a chance on them because this MacBook is amazing! Now I’ve waited a couple months before reviewing it to make sure it works. The MacBook looks brand new, it didn’t have any dents or scratches. It works and performs like a new MacBook. I had to contact the seller over the a small issue with the charger and they went above and beyond to correct the issue.Excellent customer service excellent product. I recommend this seller to anyone!"
790,This is by far the best laptop ive ever owned! The laptop came with 0 scratches and only 16 battery charges on it. It even came with the apple box and stickers! Highly reccomend for the price. $850 is great for a 2019 macbook air.
791,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Everything I expected and more! Just like brand new!"
792,I love this laptop so so much. I think everyone should get it. The model is between 2018-2020 and the one I got had the Touch ID on it! Everything was very easy to set up and is in such great quality!
793,"Received in a timely manner.  Will review in a couple weeks.Well, it's been over 2 weeks since receiving my MacBook Air and I have to admit that it has proven to be worth it's price. The Retina display is phenomenal and it's compact chassis is just what I was looking for. I am not a power user, so I didn't need major memory capacity. The speakers are, surprisingly, crisp and clear for such a slim build. The fingerprint scanner is quick and a huge convenience. I am (or was) a long-time PC user and resisted getting an Apple, but the transition was smooth and Apple's claim to fame for being user-friendly and intuitive proved true. If you are looking for a compact, yet capable laptop with QWERTY keyboard, I would recommend this product."
794,"After having the laptop a few months, I can say my leap of faith to buy an amazon refurbished was worth it BUT I had to work a little bit.  It didn't arrive perfect and it still isn't perfect.  There is a tiny white dot on the screen where some pixels died (I guess) and when I first got it, I had to call Apple support to get iMessage and Facetime to work on it.  Then I had to take it to the Apple store to get the keyboard fixed as some keys would not work.  Thankfully, I had Apple Care on it so the cost to get it shipped off and fixed wasn't bad.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I recommend this seller, but I will probably buy new next time."
795,"** I have only had the laptop for a week, this review is only based off of the time I have had it**I was so nervous to buy a refurbished computer but this came like it was brand new. New packaging, new charger, spotless laptop. I was worried the battery would be bad and wouldn’t hold a charge. I was wrong. I downloaded over 12,000 photos and was on it nonstop for over 2 days without even having to charge it. I am in love with this!!!"
796,"As in the description exactly, thank the seller for the fast shipping and good packaging"
797,I love this laptop and I’m really happy with all the features. Would definitely recommend.
798,Exactly as expected. Great value.
799,"The product made a loud buzzing/grinding airplane-type noise as soon as it finished setting up which was truly deafening. I presume it was the fan producing this aggravating sound. No programs were running and the room was approximately 68 degrees Fahrenheit so overheating should not have been an issue. Since no computer should ever sound like a coffee maker at any time, I must conclude that it was defective. Return to sender."
800,Exceeded my expectations! Some of the reviews had me a bit nervous but I can’t tell you how happy I am! The laptop is on almost brand new condition! Only 1 TINY nick on the front (you can’t see it unless your looking) and it was perfectly ready for me to set up my account! No issues or problems! It comes in a box perfectly protected and has the charger to go with as well👍🏼 So happy with it! Thank you!
801,"I was so excited because this laptop came in perfect condition. But when I tried to change the unsername to my name it wouldn’t work. 3 calls to Apple later, and I find out this computer is owned by a school that can remotely access my laptop at any time. Meaning, if they wanted to they could shut down and erase my laptop. Amazon gave me a full refund but I am very sad and disappointed"
802,"All in all, the laptop works great! It runs fast, it’s clean, and it’s perfect for what I needed it. The one disappointment I have it they claimed this product as a catagory A which means like new. When it arrived, the screen had two scratch marks on it that was discolored from the rest of the screen. I would understand like new for any other part to have a scratch, but the screen is a big deal and it should have mentioned that in the details."
803,"This MacBook Air is amazing!  I had been previously using a 2007 MacBook Air and it was time to upgrade.  I have never purchased refurbished before so I really didn't know what to expect, though was greatly concerned.  Needless to say that this laptop heavily exceeded my expectations.  Other reviewers stated that their MacBook was not as described, though mine looks brand new.  The keys are still crisp and clean, the screen immaculate.  There are a few light scratches on the outside of the computer (mostly the underside), but it is very minimal and unnoticeable.It runs like a dream, though I have only begun using it.  I will update should the computer have any issues.  It is an early 2015 with 4 GB RAM and its OS is Sierra.  I wanted to share that, as I found the Q&A to be a little confusing on that point and other reviews didn't really mention it."
804,"When I received this package, I was thrilled...until I tried to turn it on and got a “low battery” notification...for 16+ hours. Turns out the cord provided (not a Mac product) is not the correct wattage to charge this device. It’s hard to tell at this point if the computer is faulty or not now that I’ve purchased a new cord from Best Buy, but it shuts down as soon as it’s disconnected from power. The screen is pretty floppy, too- falls back without provocation. All of which seem like things that should have been mentioned in the details before I decided to purchase.After taking this computer to the Apple store, I was informed that the issue was indeed the battery- completely bad and had to be replaced. Again, something that I wish I had known before purchasing. It is in working order now, but doesn’t meet my standards of what “certified refurbished” means, and product details lacking for sufficient purchasing knowledge ahead of time."
805,"It said I had to do an update. When I hit the only update allowed it said the latest version was already installed but it wouldn’t let me go foward.  Also the screen seemed loose.  So if it was cleared out they never installed the new software correctly. So it wouldn’t let me even get to the main screen.  Others had luck but I did not.Also when I plugged the power bar in. It had a bit of a shock come out. As an electrician, I know that was a big no no.  I was willing to spend the money and get the correct power cord. But with everything else. I thought that’s already 3 strikes. No thanks."
806,I was very hesitant buying a used MacBook from Amazon but it turned out great! Looks new and works amazingly. You will receive exactly what was described. I have no complaints!
807,"Good quality, arrived early. As-new condition. Easy to install from my old machine via time machine backup. The old one was a 2010, now we are good for another 5-7 years.Thanks"
808,I have been struggling with this product since day one. I am not getting responses from the seller OR the extended warranty repair company.I have never had trouble with Amazon before. Every issue I have ever had has been settled with ease and courtesy.This has not. Made more devastating as it it is the largest purchase I have had and the product has been unusable almost since day one. We sent it to the extended warranty place who said they fixed it but it still doesn’t work.We have spent hours at Apple doing diagnostics and it is simply not functional. To repair it would cost more than I paid. They do not think that the parts it was refurbished with are even Apple parts.This was a terrible product and not worth the money.
809,"I bought this Mac and it came with a non Apple charger, I bought this as travel computer, sure enough in the first week while I was in Europe I had to buy am authentic Apple charger at $117. Now a month  later my Mac has died. It was having issues as in when I tried to maximize the scene with Netflix it would just shrink to a 3x5"" screen volume,  also the screen had been replaced before I bought it and is not well attached, very disappointed, I bought this last summer, but only started to use it in October when I was traveling, so I spent close to $700 for a Mac that lasted 2 months, return and replacement window has ""closed"" so I am stuck with a hefty repair bill."
810,"Was very iffy about buying refurbished but it’s honestly like new! There are a couple of LITTLE scratches but nothing noticeable! Compared to my friends MacBook Air that she paid 1100$ for and they are the absolute same. Best $500 I’ve ever spent. & the company is AWESOME! The charger didn’t work as soon as I got it & I emailed them. Within an hour I had an email from them and they were sending me a new charger, thankful my friend had her charger that I used until I received mine but the battery last like 2-3 days so it wasn’t that bad."
811,"Seller: IT5050Wowie! My son wanted an Apple Computer for Christmas and I was not about to spend $1000+ on a laptop for a 11-year-old boy. But a refurbished MacBook was definitely priced more appropriate for him. This computer is AMAZING people!!! Looks so clean and new. Only a couple faint scratches on the bottom, the keyboard looks like it was hardly touched, screen is clear and no burn marks in it, plus the battery is great. The seller was so awesome to get me this gift in time for Christmas, they are quick to respond to emails and followed up to make sure it was delivered afterward. (seriously, the nicest people!) I had purchased another renewed MacBook from another seller, and their level of quality wasn’t as good, by far. I wish I could pre-select a quality grade for the laptop (excellent, good, fair, etc.), so it is a little scary just leaving it up to the unknown. I work in the retail business and I like to applaud small companies who sell quality products. Do yourself a favor and go here, they gave me a laptop that is stellar and eased my worries about a refurbished laptop. It really looks so good and is operating perfectly. This is such a smarter way to buy a computer, especially for kids, or if you like to have the pricier brands without spending the high price. – Happy Mommy!"
812,"Wow! Bought this from TECHarvard and was claimed to be Certified Refurbished, which according to the Amazon description should show limited to no signs of wear.  Well the device that I received not only was pretty scratched on the bottom, had a huge ding on the corner of the top cover, but the keyboard showed more signs of wear than the MacBook that I've had for 5 years(Space bar was completely warped).  Definitely does not resemble a new device in any way shape or form.  If they are selling used devices, call them used and mark the price down accordingly.  This is definitely going back."
813,"Overall the laptop is nice. A couple of marks on the outside but works relatively well. There was an issue with the battery that originally came with it. It would shut off around 65% battery life. I asked the seller for a replacement battery, which they gave to me free of charge. However, the replacement battery is not originally an Apple battery and instead a knock off. This issue prompted it to restart randomly no matter what the battery life was at. I’m putting the original battery back in and having Apple replace it with the appropriate battery for an additional fee. I got what a paid for and I won’t make the mistake of buying a refurbished Apple product from anywhere other than the Apple store again."
814,This is the BEST purchase I’ve ever made! The laptop 💻 arrived on time and in MINT condition. It functions beautifully and works flawlessly for my personal and business needs. I would recommend this seller to any & all I know who are in the market for reliable and affordable devices.
815,"Battery doesnt work! I travel to another country with the laptop and web I turned on and unplug it, it shuts down! And in Battery Options appears ""Replace now"". How you can help me? I'm in Ecuador now and wont be back in a year!"
816,"I love my new MacBook Air, it came as expected (relatively like new condition). This my first Mac and I’d purchase it again refurbished, you save greatly and get almost the same product 😀"
817,Bought certified refurbished ended up with a unit with a screen covered in dead pixels. I contacted apple to see how much a screen replacement should be more I'm looking a repair cost more than I paid for the laptop.
818,"DO NOT BUY!!! I purchased this computer for about two month and one day I couldn’t turn it on after it goes into sleep mode for a long time. It just wouldn’t turn no matter what I do, I tried every single method out there. I had to press the power button a hundred times for it to finally turn on. But after a while even that won’t work. The computer is just dead. I had to take it to the computer store and they told me it costs $434 to fix it!!!! Even though I actually paid to get it fixed I recommend everyone do not buy!! It’s not worth the money and will cost you more!! The guy in the computer store told me that there is corrosion inside the motherboard and in order to fix it it costs a lot of money ($434). I am truly upset and wished I would have just bought a brand new one from apple that’s the newest version and which will cost me less than what I spent on this computer!!"
819,"The laptop worked great the first week. Eventually, things started to decline and quickly.  I would constantly have to change the time clock, and that would prevent many apps from working properly or not at all. I also discovered that my webcam did not work. I asked customer service if I could get a replacement laptop, and they gave me a website to help me fix it myself. It did not work. Also, the computer would start dying very quickly, even after a full charge. I would also not start up automatically, even with the charger plugged in. I had to press to start button almost endlessly for it to just power on. Eventually, it just would not cut on at all, even with the charger plugged in. It’s completely dead. Apple says that it should cut on with the charger plugged in if it were a battery issue, so it’s definitely something wrong with it beyond that and it will cost upwards of $400 to fix. I’m totally bummed. It did not even last a year."
820,"BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER, SHE IS 70 YEARS OLD AND BARELY USES THE LAPTOP.THE SCREEN IS IN THIS STATE, APPEARS TO BE PEELING! VERY BAD!!"
821,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Note: My purchase was completed through Kanga Supply for this item that ultimately doesn't function as intended.Amazon Renewed item descriptions indicate that the products should work and look like new, which wasn’t the case for this purchase, ergo my poor rating. After only having the Macbook for less than a day, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the product no longer functioned as intended.CONSThe Macbook worked fine for the first hour or so of use, but during an update, the screen flickered vigorously (see video). I hoped it was just a fluke, and it led me to believe there may be some software or hardware-related issue. After having the Macbook for less than 12 hours, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the screen flickering caused the laptop to become unusable (see picture). I also came here to draft a review in hopes that my issue is resolved quickly and effectively. I'll update my review once this is complete.PROSAfter removing the laptop and inspecting the outside, I was pleased. The outside of the Macbook is in good condition, just one or two visible scratches or marks.The charger was not the original Apple charger (as other reviews have indicated) but an OEM adapter. I don’t care that much about whether it’s an Apple charger, as long as it functions.Specs match the advertised item I purchased:128GB SSD8GB ramEDIT/UPDATE: After reaching out to the seller as instructed with the Amazon Renewed products, I never got a response in the allotted timeframe (2 business days) and was forced to reach out to Amazon directly. Ultimately, this item was returned for a refund.UPDATE 2: Today is 1/13/2020 and I have still yet to see this problem resolved to my satisfaction (refund or exchange of working product), after having ordered this product on 12/26/2019. Highly disappointed both in Amazon and the third-party seller.UPDATE 3: Received a replacement Macbook on 1/15/2020. So far it seems to be working, no issues with the screen per the previous item received (was NOT the same item sent back, verified by serial number). Pleased so far with this item."
822,"The 2015 Macbook Pro is still, in my opinion, the best Macbook even in 2019.  I use the SD card reader all the time and have several USB 3.0 devices.  I also use a newer 2017 quad-core i7 for work (no choice) but the difference in speed is not worth the added money and lacking ports.  When I actually put the newer 2017 to work, the heat issue is still a challenge for Apple and performance drops.  It's like having power that I can't actually use unless I sit in a walk-in freezer. Don't quote benchmark speed tests to me, what counts is actual performance sitting at my desk for hours at a time working on a project. I also prefer the magsafe power (although this one uses the magsafe II which I like less than magsafe I which had a more solid connection) This one, I purchased for my wife and it handles everything she needs it to do. Although you can't upgrade the memory on these models, so make sure you get enough for what you need.  If you want to change out memory, then the best choice is the Mid 2012 non-retina model which also come with DVD drives and has USB 3.0 ports."
823,"First off, I am removing a star because they shipped a counterfeit 60W Magsafe 2 charger with my order. I contacted them immediately and they offered to accept a return of everything. I explained that the charger was my only complaint and they overnight FedEx'd a genuine Apple replacement for free.""we sent you the wrong adapter for this batch of order and will overnight you the correct genuine one.""So they knowingly ship counterfeit chargers with some of their orders?The computer is pretty good cosmetically and operationally, but not as great as other reviewers. It is an Early-2015 12,1 model, this one was built in 12/2016. There is a crease over the right USB port from somebody yanking a USB plug. The battery has 107 cycles (89% life left). Keyboard and display are in great shape with no flaws. The SSD has no dead cells. It came with MacOS 10.13 installed.Overall its a good laptop and decent refurbishment job.EDIT: Knocking off another star. They sent me another counterfeit charger. Apple would never loosely jumble the cord in the box, a genuine power supply doesn't stay powered on for several seconds after it's unplugged from the main or stay lit green/orange after its unplugged from the laptop and this fake only puts out 25 watts max."
824,"I really feel like I got a great deal on this, mine arrived in brand new condition and it looked like it had never been used. I did see some people had bad experiences but mine was well worth the price tag. The only negative was that the charger provided is third party and not OEM Apple. The box is also generic and not Apple, not a big deal but you just don't get that same feeling opening it up as a new product. I will say that I checked the serial number on Apple and the computer itself was only a couple of years old, so in reality I paid around $450 for an Apple that was only a couple of years old with a decent amount of battery life still left. I only bought this as there was certain tasks that I could not do on my iPad and so I did not need a brand new super powerful computer. This one is great, does not get hot, fans are silent and the display looks incredible.Overall I was very happy with the purchase, it came fast and was like new condition at the fraction of the cost of a new one. I actually waited a few months before writing this review so that I could also include that I have had no issues at all in that time, battery lasts a decent amount of time and no software or hardware issues to report. It also runs the latest OS that I updated it to and I believe it will be supported software wise for some time to come. Completely worth the price!"
825,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The Macbook came in working condition with all original components and an OEM charger but not with the extension cord. The major downfall is the condition of the laptop, for the above average asking price for this model I expected great condition as it is stated to be like new but instead the model I received was in okay condition (not cleaned either, large collection of gunk in hinge vent) at best with a lot of edge scratches and deep cuts throughout the chassis, and some unremovable stains from stickers! And worst of all the battery was at over 500 cylces, the battery life was 4-5 hrs max! thats horrible for whats suppose to be a renewed device! Not satisfied!EDIT:  Avoid this entire listing especially from the seller ''Easymobiledevices'', they ship dirty grade b laptop and have poor costumer service."
826,Once i started running it all sort of problems arises. First major problem is wifi drops off and will not let you connect to wifi. After this happens you cant even turn on/off the wifi. Used guest and still no wifi. Restarting or shutdown and restart will not activate wifi. If you restart it takes so long to reboot. Sometimes it get stuck on the waiting wheel on startup. One out of ten restart wifi will work for a minute but then drops off and you will no longer be able to connect again. I cant say anything physically because it looks fine. Lastly beware it shows and says freshly installed mojave os but it has instead sierra installed. The power cord looks like an imitation and not the original one because from the weight it is not the original one. I can tell because i have multiple macbook at home and that is not the original one. I am pretty disappointed with this seller.
827,"I’ll update 15 days from today.CONS:-Delivery packaging: it was a regular box with one thick bubble wrap to protect the laptop.First glance, the charger seems pretty beat up but seems to work fine.-The outer top of the laptop has a lot of scuff marks and scratches. Sides do as well. Nothing TOO severe.-Bottom have some scratches and wearing on the rubber, not too noticeable.PROS:-Had a full battery-Set up went smoothly with no hiccups.-Outer signature glowing Apple works well.-Opening the laptop, the screen has no visible scratches, cracks, or scuffs at all.-Keyboard has no loose keys and is glowing well.-Trackpad has no scratches and works really well no weird working sides SO FAR.-Software automatically updated to Catalina, kinda wanna wait to update to Big Sur.I’ll update March 13, 2021"
828,"Still a GREAT LAPTOP, arguably the best MacBook Pro 13” ever made, 2 or 3 iterations later! I have had mine for 3 months now and although I was a little disappointed that I got a no-brand MagSafe power brick instead of an Apple brand, it’s caused no problems for me. I have been using Logic Pro X a lot and it runs nice and smooth even with the haphazard way I use it, leaving muted unused tracks all over the place as I learn about things like track bouncing and experiment with every single effect and different audio formats (I feel bad sometimes like I am unnecessarily abusing the laptop, lol) and I haven’t frozen or crashed at all. I have used a few emulation programs for old Saturn, Super Famicom, PS and Dreemcast games that push the 2D sprite and parallax scrolling envelope and again I haven’t had any problems. Only thing I have experienced that has been an issue is the actual Mac OS and it’s limitations with regard to formats, programs that it supports and connectivity with outside developers but I have also been able to get around that by setting Virtual Machines up and GUID partitioning to use whatever other OS I need. This is also not a complaint about the hardware itself but rather the Mac OS software so should not be considered when it comes to the actual MacBook Pro 13”.You will want to upgrade to an NVME M2 SSD at least 256 GB or 512 GB right away, as the 128 GB SSD will fill up within 2-3 months of moderate use and the newer M2s will increase the OS loading speed more than anything else. Luckily you have your pick of great SSDs like the Samsung 970 Evo, etc that you can easily swap in with a $5 adapter, a screwdriver and no soldering (just search YouTube for “MB Pro 13 2015 SSD upgrade”)…The unique things and PROS about this MB Pro 13” are the older style KEYBOARD that doesn’t break like 2016-later model keyboards do, 2 USB 3 ports, an SD CARD R/W and a FULL SIZE HDMI PORT all built in. This is the last MB Pro 13 with any of those ports on board and the fact that you can swap SSD hard drives with no soldering and very little skill needed, all-in with the M2 you get a sexy little powerhouse for half the price of the newer model Pro 13”s (1/4 price of current gen)! The rest (CPU, onboard graphics, sound/speakers) make this laptop a must have that will likely only appreciate in value $$$!Two Thunderbolt 2/miniDisplayPorts are useful if you want to setup 2-3 Screens, but the CONS Are that you get NO ThunderBolt 3/USB-C ports and more and more adapters and devices require that connection these days, though with the USB 3 ports there are ways around it, complicated as they may be. You also CANNOT UPGRADE RAM unless you know how to de-solder the current ram and solder up new ram (accepts up to 16GB DDR-3 in 2X8GB formation) and setup the machine to accept the new ram, which seems a recipe to completely destroy the board/laptop without at least some Mac building & Mac hardware programming know-how, possibly even special equipment.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE MODEL WITH THE AMOUNT OF RAM YOU NEED BUILT IN & a CPU that will be sufficient for you and you won’t be disappointed with this awesome little 6 year old laptop! Don’t get the 4 GB model even if it will “work” for you “short-term”! I got the 8GB/i5 2.9Ghz/128GB and I already regret not paying another $100 for the 16GB ram model, but c’est la vie.Just buy this MacBook Pro 13” while you can, replace the SSD as soon as possible, enjoy it, keep it another 5-10 years and you will likely be able to triple your investment by reselling it assuming Apple stays on their current trajectory with their MB Pro Hardware releases!!!"
829,"Hi, I bought this Macbook Pro 13"" early 2015 and received last week on Aug 23th. The laptop has a good appearance and doesn't have any flaws. However, the charger(45w) packed together with the macbook is not for macbook pro but for  Macbook Air. I just found out today, cuz when I use the charger(45w) laptop cpu temperatures goes up to 65-85 celcius. and I can't use more than 4 hours. But when I charge my macbook with Macsafe 1 (85w, which is for Pro), the cpu temperature keeps 40-50 degree, and it runs around 10hours. I want to change my charger into “MacBook Pro Charger 85w”. Thank you."
830,I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.I can't use the Mac because the hard drive was not reset and the software on the Mac dose not allow you to use it.Also there was no charger.Again very disappointed.
831,"Looks brand new, wrapped and sealed in Apple packaging. Plugged it in and turned it on and let it go. Absolutely no problems, it was automatic and wonderful to have the computer set itself up. Has performed flawlessly as expected of an Apple laptop."
832,"The laptop arrived in fair condition.  The screws show signs of wear so it may have been opened up during the ""renewal"" process.  Old stickers were left on the bottom. Also, the laptop was shipped with a cheap knockoff Chinese charger.  I have no reason to trust this charger so I'll have to order a genuine Apple one instead.Fortunately I don't need this machine to be a workhorse or I would send it back.  This should survive a year at least but I don't trust it as-is - I will wipe the hard disk, NVRAM, and SMC just to be safe."
833,Product was faulty. The charging port wouldn't hold the plug. I returned it. I don't think the refurbishing process is very competent.
834,"This is exactly like the MacBook I was given for work that was stolen on a plane flight. No problems with this as a replacement so far, smooth sailing for 3 months already! I got the protection plan just in case, but I'm very satisfied with this cheaper than new replacement. Will update if there are any issues that arise. Would recommend."
835,"Idk what I was thinking not having an apple in the first place. This laptop is very easy to use, fast, and I’m excited to see how productive I can be with this format. I feel free, nothing holding me back now!! Unlike old pc with unresponsive interface, slow speeds, and constant crashes, this one gives me no problems!!"
836,This laptop was literally like brand new out of the box. So far my daughter is so thrilled with her graduation gift. She is ready for college now!!!
837,"Our first ever Mac but so far its been quite impressive. It was easy to setup and get it going. It works well and very easy to use, turn on/off, carry around and day to day life. Wish the battery would last a bit longer."
838,"BUYER BEWARE!I knew by choosing a refurbished computer, I was taking a risk, but I never expected this. When I received this MacBook Air, I was surprised it was the model Apple stopped making in 2017, since the title said “Newest Version.” I emailed the seller and they said Amazon forced that in the title and told me I could return it. I work full time, am in grad school, and have three kids. I figured with it being an Apple it would last long enough to get me through school, so I kept it. Now, six months later the screen won’t turn on. It’s completely black.I am able to connect to an external monitor and use the computer that way, so I know it’s the display. After trying to adjust the brightness, several resets, resetting the SMC and the PRAM, I called Apple Support. They ruled out all software issues and told me it had to be the hardware.At this point I contacted the seller and they basically told me “sorry, it’s outside of the 90 day window so there’s nothing we will do for you.” I have escalated to Amazon trying to get some kind of resolution. They just confirmed there is nothing they are willing to do for me. They also are not doing anything to penalize the seller, All Out Apple. I'm shocked at Amazon. Shady sellers like All Out Apple will always be around, but I really thought Amazon was better than Ebay in that way. Lesson Learned.There is no reason a MacBook Air should have a display of a completely stops functioning after six months of use, even refurbished. I’m grateful that I had a work-provided monitor I can plug into to do my schoolwork, but if I was aiming to be tethered to my desk, I would have bought a Mac Mini."
839,"Got the computer two days early! this was probably the fastest delivery I've ever received from amazon. I wasn't going to buy refurbished but I really wanted another MacBook and shelling out $2k for a new one was simply out of the question. When I saw the price for this MacBook Air, I decided to roll the dice and buy it. I knew it could possibly come not as advertised, such as having scratches or not being updated as far as software is concerned but when I opened it up it was practically BRAND NEW! set up was simple as can be! only took me 5 minutes to sign in with my Apple ID and all my information was synced between my iPhone and iPad and onto the MacBook Air. There were a few minor scratches less than a couple centimeters on the bottom of the computer nothing that noticeable. the charger doesn't stick as well as I'd like and one of the hinges is half broken off but I've that same issue with practically every MacBook I've ever had. I was really surprised with the quality. it said 2017 version but with all the updates and new iterations its hard to gauge which MacBook your getting I thought I was purchasing a much older MacBook Air than what I got this thing is amazing and the 13 in screen is far larger than I expected it to be feels like a 15 or 17 in display when having it in your hands/ the computer itself is incredibly light, the main reason I chose the air you can carry it in anywhere with one hand and hardly feel it definitely much lighter than my 2020 iPad 11"" All in all if you're on a budget, this computer is the way to go! for $400 its practically brand new and runs like a dream! thanks amazon for this incredible refurbished Mac! love it !"
840,"I don’t what to think I bought 2017 16gb 256 ssd but I received a refurbished 2019 8g 256 perfectly packaged, I can’t put apple care I already call for that but im not sure to keep it because I want a computer of 16of ram but this one is 2019, im gonna give the chance to see how it works, And it cost me the same price of a refurbished 2019 Of apple but those ones you can put apple care"
841,"hola, soy de peru. Estoy contento con la compra, la compre por el precio, y me llego tal cual las especificaciones.(late2018,2.3gz,8ram,256ssd). la bateria llego con 350 ciclos aproxen cuanto a lo estetico, tenia pequeños arañones en un costado, pero nada grave, la pantalla intacta y el touchbar ok. el cargador sellado oem.califico la compra como 9/10."
842,Got a few months out of this before the screen started disappearing intermittently. Then it wasn't so intermittent. I'd have much rather spent the extra money to get a new computer that didn't break than to buy something second-hand and have to decide to repair or replace.
843,"Considering I was 100% ripped off, I would not recommend you purchase from this seller, I did not receive what I wanted, the serial number for a COMPUTER comes up as an iPhone 11... Just.. No."
844,This computer was working fine and all of a sudden the screen went out.  Cost me $640 to fix it.
845,"Delivery was super fast, considering I’m in South Africa. The laptop is simply beautiful, woks well, no complaints, I love it."
846,"Positivo, EXCELENTE EQUIPO!!!"
847,So far this was a steal. Great product for a great value.
848,super machine
849,The space key and some of the keys were not working As they are supposed to. Really sticky
850,"Arrived, boxed well with balloon cushions. Power adapter looked clean but had scratches. Opened up the Lid of the MacBookPro and it looked like it had some sort of disease or cancer & it smelled quite strange too. It had over 50% battery so I carried on with a reset which resulted in an error. Luckily it booted back into Yosemite OS that it had installed years ago, after 3 failed attempts managed to update to Mojave. Of course first things first copy music etc onto, USB stick struggled to go in either of the USB Ports (look at the photos) was also stuck after insertion but managed to pull out, with a hard pull - full force - anger. Had a look into the ports and discovered they were literally rusted dirty like disgusting, this is not the definition of Refurbished - but 2nd Hand or Heavily Used. Be aware, set your expectations right in oder to avoid any disappointments."
851,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I was super stoked upon arrival, began setting up the laptop and within minutes the screen stopped working. Literally pixels. Severely disappointed. I have gotten ahold of kanga and they are working to replace the device but it has now been over a week since I’ve purchased the unit with two day shipping and still have nothing to show for it. I hope they come through on their end and send me a functional unit."
852,"I've only had it for about a week now and this 2015 MacBook Pro is working phenomenally! I was kinda hesitant buying a refurbished MacBook from Amazon, but I can honestly say I'm go glad I went ahead and did. It came extremely fast and right from opening the box, it was as if I had bought a brand new one right from Apple themselves. There's not a scratch, dent, stain, dust or anything on it. So far it's working extremely well and I will definitely buy form this seller in the future and recommend them to others as well! Great price for a great computer."
853,"I’ve had this MacBook Pro going on 4 days and so far so good! It has met all my expectations and more. I grew up using windows PCs. This is my first Apple computer and I’m happy to have made the transition. Wish I did this long time ago but better late then never. If it wasn’t for the packaging and not being in the original box, I probably wouldn’t be able to tell this was refurbished. This is just based from my experience using MacBooks at the Apple store. Also, there was a few minor scratches on the bottom of the laptop.I will revise and change review in a month if any problems. But as of now, my review above is how I feel."
854,"I've only had it for a couple days, but so far this is a great purchase. The thing looks brand new, and I know it isn't. I am replacing an older Mac and just can't afford the prices of new machines from Apple. Using Migration Assistant (an app that comes with Macs) I was able to restore a time machine backup from the old machine, so I've lost nothing in the transition."
855,"When I ordered this product for the first time, it came with a green line on the screen. I contacted the costumer service, they responded very quickly and replaced it.The second computer came with better specs, I was the happiest person... for 2 months though, the computer suddenly stop responding.Other things that are worth saying:- The charger is generic. A generic charger can easily damage the battery of the computer, that could explain my problem.- The second computer they sent, had a sticker that covered the whole low part of the computer (those stickers that are the same color as the computer and are used to cover up very big scratches.Conclusion: they can deliver a great costumer service, but not a working product."
856,"The macbook pro only worked for a short while. It had a charging/powering problem - wouldn't keep a charge at first, then wouldn't power on even when plugged in. Confirmed it was not a charger issue.I contacted the company who said to send it back for repair. Once they received it they wrote saying it cannot be fixed and charged me a ""restocking fee"" in the amount of the purchase of the laptop. Outrageous!! I even had a protection plan for it. After numerous interactions they refused to help and returned the laptop without telling me. THEN they said they couldn't do anything in terms of a refund because I had the machine. Months later they refuse to resolve it and amazon can't help me because it's a third party seller. An ABSOLUTE JOKE of a company. I'm out over $500.00 with a computer that can't be fixed - and Apple store said they could try but for more than the computer's worth. So yeah. They have my money and I have nothing.DO NOT BUY from these people if you'd like to keep your money."
857,"Hey all! So I’ve gotten into photography lately and needed a upgrade from my old 2012 MacBook Pro and 2011 Asus laptops for editing. Figured a 2015 model would be the way to go for a decent upgrade without spending tons of money. I was super skeptical about buying a reconditioned one through Amazon after reading the reviews and thought about it for about 4 hours before I made the transaction. Next day it was at my door step with me a bit nervous about opening the package and seeing a beat up MacBook, I opened the box and the MacBook was in a bubble wrapped sleeve and that’s it. Okay I’m fine with that but what was the condition of it? Looks like it barely got used or the previous owner always had a case on it. Outside from a few nicks here and there it’s flawless. Turns on and is super quick, the Retina display is beautiful and definitely enjoyable to watch movies. It came with Mojave so the first thing I did was update it to Big Sur and it’s still flawless. I’ve only had it for a day if that but so far I’m happy with my purchase. Just be mindful yours may or may not be like mine condition wise I got lucky. Should you buy one of these? I would I’m pleased with my purchase and I’m sure you would be too. But I’ll update with any issues if they come up in the future. Thankfully I’m a bit tech savvy so whatever happens I’m sure I can fix it."
858,"This of course this is an old model and reconditioned/renewed, so I was expecting it to look somewhat used; however, this MacBook Pro is in PERFECT CONDITION as if I had purchased it new. I'm upgrading from a very heavy and slow 2009 white MacBook that's a dinosaur and I could only do very basic things on it. It has almost zero capability in terms of battery life (it could only be used plugged in) so this laptop is an absolute gem in comparison. This might be why I'm so hyped and elated. Plus the price was very good. *I hope the computer doesn't have some sudden glitch and dies on me...lol!Now, I can finally edit my videos in iMovie, which was not working on the old MacBook, because I couldn't update it anymore. I need this laptop mainly for traveling, to do editing work, I have a 2 monitor PC set-up at home. My only wish is that I could transfer my Adobe CS to the new laptop.SIDE NOTE: it's actually overall a little smaller than my old 13"" (screen size is the same), it's not as heavy, but not as light as the Air; it arrived with Catalina iOS installed and I had to upgrade to Monterey to use the newest version of iMovie - this isn't a complaint, just an observation."
859,"I bought for my mom, great deal (sort-of), works great (after I deleted 2 mysterious old unknown wifi connections)I bought this for my mom, she was always having Windows problems, viruses disguised as virus removal, scammy pop-ups, and so on.  Happy day!  :DThey raised prices during Prime Day, wth?  I thought I was getting a good deal, but afterward I noticed the price went down.  Anyway, I ordered this for my mom.  She's been using Windows and I wanted her to experience a Macbook Pro.  This one is actually even better than mine!  I'm still happily using a Late 2013 2.4 Ghz 8 RAM 256 GB 13-inch Retina, her's is exactly the same except it's a Early 2015 and it's actually got 2.7 Ghz!  Anyway she seems really happy with it.  I set it up for her, and ran the serial number, which was not found, not surprisingly although I'm not sure what that means, and the update page in the App Store looks like it was coded in 1995, so I'm not sure what's up with that.  Could be something funky going on, but all I know is it works and we're happy with it.  She's getting used to using it, and she says it's fast and smooth.  She was getting tired of all the Windows updates and virus stuff and all the spammy popups telling her to purchase a virus disguised as virus removal, yadda yadda yadda, so I am well-pleased that she is now almost a full-blown Mac-head.  Thanks Apple.  I hope to be able to afford an Apple car when they do come out, haha.  I'm not sure about the battery-life yet, but I HAD TO replace the battery on mine, so replacing it on hers should not be a problem."
860,It’s just one continuous problem after the other with this computer. It’s really not worth it to save a little bit of money just buy new not refurbished have your warrantee you’re better off in the long run.
861,For this being my first ever Mac- This was an amazing buy... no scratches or dents. Its basically BRAND NEW. 😝😝😝The only thing is that it says 512gb but the space says 256gb so be wary of that.But other than that I am really happy with my purchase.
862,Good
863,Love it
864,"the product arrived with the screen broken. I would like a refund of $ 400 to repair it, since he is now in Brazil."
865,So happy with this purchase. Even my kids said it looks like the new ones. Has some minor imperfections but at the cost totally acceptable. Would definitely purchase from this seller again.
866,"I purchased through amazon this m1 chip 512 gb 8ram macbook pro 2020 year manufacture.  I’m a mac user of many years.  The computer is blazing fast, slim, light with great battery life. A huge bonus—-little need for additional  anti virus add on software since the macbook anti virus platform is very solid. A hidden gem when you buy any apple device is phenomenal tech telephone support.  The advisors at the apple stores and by telephone are the best part of the apple experience for me and even rival the devices they sell. Yes, I hate the high prices and know the game but over time I’ve  accepted their price points because of the incredible tech support."
867,battery would not take any charge  stuck at 1%
868,"I cannot believe the condition my Macbook is in, you can’t even tell if it’s used and the packaging was very nice and professional with the white box and wrapped just like it is when you get it directly from Apple. I am super happy with my purchase, thanks Amazon."
869,"Good, but it is a little small.. easy to control. Recommend if you are hard to control your computer"
870,Computer will not charge.
871,"""Refurbished"" even though Battery life was non existent from the startup, always check the reviews on laptops to make sure they have over 200, cause then you won't be played by greedy ass people like I was"
872,"Minor scratches , for the price reduction is a great buy !!!"
873,Light weight
874,"El producto reacibdiocionado en muy buen estado, funciona perfectamente y venía totalmente protegido y embalado. Muy satisfecho con la compra"
875,"Looks and acts brand new. Everything exactly as advertised. Will update if I have any issues but after a week I can say, I am pleasantly surprised!"
876,"If you've been waiting for Apple to wake up and address the concerns raised by the Apple community -- your wait is now over. This is the MacBook Pro we've all been wanting for years. This review is for the higher end model, stock.The good.- Keyboard. It's fantastic. The key travel has been extended to 1mm, which is about half of the original keyboard found on the 2015 and prior model years. It feels just as good to type on because apple improved the tactile feedback. The keys sort of spring back. The keyboard is quiet and very comfortable to type on. The keys are slightly smaller but do not make typing on them any more difficult. The directional arrows are now properly setup and the physical Esc key is back, making it a breeze to flip through open applications.- Screen. The difference in size is subtle but noticeable. It's technically even more dense, but just barely. You won't notice much difference from recent MacBook Pros but true to Apple, the display is absolutely gorgeous. The 0.6 inch difference in size retains the same logical resolution, so everything should look just slightly bigger which I welcome.- Processor. The base model has the same chipset as the 2019 15.4"" model. The performance, however, is about 10% better due to significantly improved airflow and larger heatsinks. The issue of heat related throttling has been largely addressed. On the upper model, the machine now comes with 8 cores and serious performance bump. There is literally nothing you can throw at this MacBook that it won't handle with breeze.- Graphics. The traditional setup is still here. You have the onboard Intel chipset, which operates when the demand for visual performance is low. You also have a discrete AMD chip which delivers significant improvement over the previous generation. In fact, the base model delivers performance in excess of the upper spec Vega chipset from last year. The leap is extraordinary. As before, the system will automatically choose which graphics card to use depending on demand.- Sound. In one world, amazing. Imagine Apple took a HomePod and flattened it to fit it in the housing of the MacBook Pro. That is essentially the experience. Bass is pronounced and crisp and treble is sharp. The sound is rich and room-filling. There are six speakers instead of two in the last generation.-Microphone. Major improvements with three mics instead of one in the previous generation. I use the MacBook to make calls using an iPhone and the sound on the other end is clear and free from background noice. I've been told it sounds a lot better than before, but that is of course subjective. On paper, you're getting better noise reduction and improved sound fidelity.- Touch Bar. Controversial in the past, I think it may now be the ""happy medium"" between physical keys and the useful Touch Bar which adapts to the content on the screen. The Esc key is back and on the right hand side you'll find Touch ID and power button.- SSD. You'll love the fact that now base starting size of the SSD has been doubled on both the entry model and the upper model with 512GB and 1TB respectively.- Gaming. This has to be mentioned. The graphics card offers incredible leap in performance. Modern games that would get 14-16FPS on high setting now perform at 35-40FPS with ease. Same settings. Same games. Huge improvement. It's now possible to play AAA games on the MacBook Pro with reasonable performance and high visual settings.- Productivity. This machine is a beast. I use the full Affinity suite and do some limited video editing. In addition, I have multiple productivity programs open, over a dozen Safari tabs, two email clients, and dozens of other apps, such as CRM, task managers, notes, etc. Everything runs smoothly.- Value. Yes, value. This expensive laptop brings the best value in the lineup of the 15.""4 (now 16"") offering to date. If you carefully look at the costs of truly compatible Windows offerings, you'll find the MacBook Pro to be competitively priced.The Bad- Weight. The machine is slightly heavier but I welcome the added bulky. Finally Apple went with functionality over its obsession with thiner and lighter hardware, giving us a machine with proper thermal management, proper keyboard and more. But if you plan on taking it with you places, you'll feel the extra bulk.- BTO Updates. The cost of BTO options is still quite high, with the noted exception of the 8GB option on the GPU. You're still paying a significant premium for each incremental upgrade over the base model.To sum up -- This is the best MacBook Pro in many years. It's a well-rounded, powerful machine that brings about incredible performance and value. I would highly recommend it to any Pro.If you're upgrading from the 13"" model and wonder how much more real estate you can expect, see attached side-by-side comparison photo.Update 3/15/20 -- Absolutely a beast of a machine. I love it. It has been pretty much perfect and its performance continues to surprise me. I have the top-speced model and it smokes pretty much everything I've used to date. In fact, it will perform on par with the new Mac Pro base configuration. Don't believe me? Google it. This is by far the best MacBook Pro to date and an amazing value. Well worth the price of admission if you need it."
877,"The performance differences between it and it's predecessor are marginal, at best ...Yet you are being asked to pay $2400 for membership. Think back to around 2015, when the previous gen entry cost was still $ 2000, then they changed it to $2400. For that, you got shafted with a crap keyboard, a failing display, an identity crisis for a touch-bar, and less connectivity.Now that this latest model came out and people are buying it, they are bolstering Apple's position: never apologize for hardware issues, make ppl pay extra for AppleCare+, give folks a real working keyboard and make it look like they are doing you a favor so the prices are .... what .... justified ?Apple's pricing schemes make you wonder if they think they can get ppl to believe that hardware is actually comparable to a commodity, or something like that.Lastly, you do not know what kind of quality issues lurk behind these new models ...."
878,"So disappointed.....As soon as I added Lightroom and started process photos, the laptop began to ""click"" during the processing phase! Obviously this isn't normal; currently in the process of returning :("
879,"Maybe I just got unlucky, but the laptop I received never really worked.  When going through the setup process, the computer was unable to load data from my Time Machine backup.  I cancelled out of it in an attempt to complete the rest of the installation process.  I had to shutdown and after that,  the machine never worked again.  During the boot phase it just cycled through the Apple logo/progress bar startup over and over and over again.  It would almost reach the end and then stop and restart, but never fully booted.  I returned it, but since it was processed through a third party, I had to pay a 15% restocking fee, so I only received 85% of what I initially paid.  So I had to pay almost $400 for the pleasure of owning a broken Mac for a day.  What a joy!  I complained to the 3rd party and they said the laptop was fine which is baffling since I watched the machine try and boot for half and hour.  I feel screwed.  Maybe I just got a bad product, or maybe Apple has serious quality control issues.  It's seriously making me think of giving up on Macs all together."
880,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   its hardly been a week i bought the MacBook Pro 16"".and i am already facing trouble.whenever i play a video there is a green screen flash coming.i have no clue whats going on.i did not even install any major applications on the laptop too.This is ridiculous."
881,Battery life is supposed to run up to 11 hours yet mine dies at around 1-2. I've been on it right now for about 20 minutes and the battery has dropped about 15%. My laptop also begins to get really hot after using it for a while and I can hear the fans running at their maximum. I'm not sure what the issue is since the sellers are selling authentic apple products. I will be returning and just purchasing from apple.
882,"I have owned the 15.4 Touch Bar model since 2016, I typed on it before I bought it and I knew the keyboard wasn't as good as my 2012 15"", but, it wasn't as bad as some reviewers made it out to be, I'm glad I bought it before the bad reviews. The 2016 was a huge upgrade from the 2012 and I can say the 2019 is a huge upgrade from the 2016.There is no one feature that is absolutely night and day from the 2016, but, every function is better.  Screen quality and size, performance, keyboard (mostly non-touchbar ESC key for me), battery life, speakers, mic and thermal, it's a bit quieter than the 2016. If you have been holding out because you like the 2012 keyboard travel and feel, the 2019 travels further and feels better.I can't personally feel the weight difference in my bag, between laptop, accessories (Jabra speaker being the heaviest) my bag weighs about 9lbs so if it's 9.3lbs I can't feel it and once it's out of the bad I don't tend to move it around. It is a big larger, but, still fits in my small 2 pocket Tumi laptop bag, so the .25"" doesn't bother me either.I'm looking forward to seeing if it's as durable, I got over 300 full battery cycles on the 2016, I expect the same from this unit, but, only time will tell.Hope my experience helps."
883,"Yes, this  gorgeous machine that's fits my needs exactly DID drop dead just now, after running well for weeks. I've read that Apple installs a ""drop dead"" chip in its machines, but I never thought they got the timing as precise as this. Well done, Apple.But now I'm out my 2000 bucks (PLUS) and I have a dead box sitting on my work desk. This is not good, not even for a laugh.I CANNOT contact the seller either. Maybe they all died from the virus, or SOME virus. PLEASE, good folks at Apple and Amazon,  help me!Thank y'all."
884,"OMG!!! This is my 3rd MacBook Pro that I have owned over the past few years, and I have to say this one is by far the best one yet. This is my first Space gray, and I it's absolutely gorgeous and sleek. A very sexy machine. It looks so much better than the silver. A more modern look.The screen is freaking GORGEOUS! The colors, the brightness, so pure and crystal clear. And me being an animator, graphics designer and writer, I can tell the larger screen for sure.My last MacBook Pro was the 15 inch 2015, and I thought I was going to miss the glowing Apple logo, but to be honest, I don't. When I go back on my 2015, it seems so outdated. The mirrored logo looks so much more modern.The trackpad is HUGE, and I love it. My 2015 track pad seems so tiny and disappointing now.I have no idea why so many people say they hate the Touch Bar. I LOVE IT! I can not imagine life without it. It's beautiful and as a writer I love how it recommended the corrected words. I love being able to run through videos, play music and navigate more effectively. It's perfect. Well....almost. The only complaint I would say is it goes dim in dim light. I thing it should be our decision to dim it. Other than that it's perfect. I also love how easy it is to get to the emojis. 😊The Keyboard....OMG! I love it. It's so much better than the 2015. I can type so fast on this thing. It's AMAZING. I also love the backlight. It's so bright in a dark room and it doesn't bleed out like the 2015.And lastly. I LOVE how powerful this beautiful beast is. I can created my animations with no struggle. And it renders at lightening speed which means my fans of my Youtube Channel will get faster animated horror stories from me.If you are caught on the fence if you should buy it. Get off that fence right now, and BUY IT! IT'S 100% PURE PERFECTION!!!! Thank you so much, Apple. Windows users are soooo missing out!👍"
885,Fantastic
886,"This is an unusually large advance over previous models, especially in raw computing power, but also in fun things like screen and headphone support.This Amazon listing has two different processors, the M1 Pro (listed as 16-Core GPU ""style"") and the M1 Max (32-Core GPU). I'll call one the Pro, the other the Max. I got the base Pro, but much of what I'll say applies to both, and I'll have some comments specifically about the Max too. (MBP below = MacBook Pro.)Amazon doesn't offer most of the options you can get, only the ones listed. For now (and probably later), that's the Pro with 16GB RAM and 512GB or 1TB SSD, or the Max with 32GB RAM and 1TB SSD. 3 versions total.Screen Brightness* and HappinessThis screen can get up to 1600 nits brightness and can sustain full-screen brightness up to 1000. That's very impressive, as MBPs since 2016 have topped out at 500.*But the vast majority of the time, this screen will also top out at 500, because those other numbers are only for HDR (high dynamic range, what Apple calls XDR), i.e. some videos and some photos viewed in some programs. If you're browsing the internet, using productivity apps, or the like, those are almost all SDR (standard dynamic range). You'll be seeing them at the same brightness as with MBPs for the last five years.That said, the new screen is beautiful and bright in both HDR and SDR for most situations. For HDR, it puts out more color and brightness, and darker blacks - a million-to-one contrast ratio - with a wider range of light and color that has more pop and more detail in shadows and highlights. It can be dazzling or just more realistic.For SDR, it's much like before, still a gorgeous screen, with better contrast than before because of darker blacks.Has more pixels per inch (254, up from 226), and more pixels all over (3456 by 2234, up from 3072 by 1920). The aspect ratio remains 16:10 (not counting the top menu bar).ProMotionProMotion is Apple's name for screen refresh rates that can go up to 120Hz, or lower to save processor/battery power when 120 isn't needed. This makes motion smoother, more natural.For now where ProMotion applies is limited. Most scrolling in browsing, including with Safari, still tops out at 60Hz. Which is fine for me, but it bothers some people, looks choppy to them. This could be changed with a software update.Bloom and GhostsBloom is when a bright spot on a dark background bleeds out past where it's supposed to be, a common issue with this kind of screen. I and most others think this screen handles it well (better than the iPad Pro), but it can still arise some.Ghosting is when a moving object leaves a noticeable trail of ghost images behind for a fraction of a second, one for each new frame until the old image fades. MBPs are notoriously mediocre at this kind of ghostbusting, and this screen is no exception. Expect the usual haunting, if you notice that kind of thing.PWMFor those concerned (you mostly know who you are), there is PWM (pulse-width modulation) on the smaller 14"" version of this screen, and so very likely on this one too, at a frequency of 14,880Hz at all brightness levels (measured by NotebookCheck). That's a very high frequency, considered well beyond what would cause trouble for the susceptible.The NotchAs you can see in the main photo here, there's a black Notch at the top of the screen. There are no pixels there. The long-desired improved camera is there, and a mic array and light sensor (and maybe room for a Face ID system if they decide to make MBPs with that). As with the iPhone Notch, it's controversial.You can make the Notch disappear, or rather blend in, if you make the background up there black. It also disappears into the black bars when you view things like videos in full-screen mode.The cursor disappears into the Notch if you put it there. If an app has menu items that stretch there, they disappear too, but they'll still function normally if you put the (invisible) cursor on them.Desperate times call for desperate measures. Most apps won't have this trouble, but if you must, you can avoid menu items disappearing by using the ""Scale to fit"" function, which shrinks the entire screen work area a little to fit below the Notch. Makes it look like an old 15"" if the background is black, like there are wide black bezels. (Google ""Scale to fit below built-in camera"" for full instructions and mockery.)There are also third-party apps, such as Bartender, to manage how items appear in the menu bar and keep them visible.Camera and MicsThe new camera that, along with the thinner bezels, makes the Notch necessary, is 1080p, with an f/2 lens for good exposure in the shadows. Video looks noticeably better than before, though it can have a processed look.The three mics sound very clean and natural but with a little less bass than before to my ears, which is fine.Extra ScreensYou can use two external monitors with the Pro, down from four with previous models. They can be up to 6K @60Hz with a billion colors. The Max can still use four: three 6K and one 4K, all @60Hz etc.You can use 4K @120/144Hz HDR monitors too.You can run two from one port if you use the right kind of dock or daisy-chain.Headphone OomphThe new headphone jack has more power for high-impedance headphones. It automatically adjusts, so it won't overwhelm low-impedance phones. If the headphones have less than 150 ohms impedance, they get 1.25 volts RMS. If more, 3 volts. That might cause it to fail to provide enough power to some not-so-high-impedance headphones that still require extra power, such as planars.With my 2016 15"" MBP, I've had to use a portable amp for my Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pros (250 ohm), but now I can pretty well do without it, though sometimes only just. The volume on some sources is still not always what I wish I could make it. But now I can nearly achieve hearing loss with the intro to the guitar riff in ""Money for Nothing."" Which also sounds good, and healthier, a couple notches down.Among other headphones that have tested favorably with the new jack are the DT 990 Pros (250 ohm), and the Sennheiser HD650, 660S, 6XX, and HD800 (150 to 300 ohm).One report says the planar Hifiman HE4XXs (35 ohm planar) sound good, but most planars tested are said to need more power. The Audeze LCD-2Cs are reported to sound good enough, though not their best. The LCD-3s and Hifiman Sundaras and Aryas are said to be underpowered.For my usual regular-impedance phones, Cleer Flow IIs (16 ohm), the wired volume is a little louder than before, though still not always the earsplitting barrage I want for some sources. Maybe for the best.Quality iems (in-ear monitors) that require especially clean input, but not too much, reportedly sound good, including Andromedas and Moondrop Starfields.SpeakersThey're improved from the already laptop-leading speakers from earlier MBPs, with a fuller sound and decent kick, amazingly good for when nothing with a 3"" woofer is around.Apple mysteriously says the 14"" M1 has the same speaker system, but looking inside both machines shows the speakers in the 16"" are bigger - both ""subs"" and tweeters - and located differently, with the subs in the front corners on this one. The 16"" has fuller bass (such as it is).Heat and NoiseThere isn't any.None with my typical use, at least. If you push it hard, it can get warm, but not as hot as my 2016 15"". Which makes sense, as this has a larger enclosure, bigger fans, larger, better heat sinks, and more power-efficient processors. The fans don't have to spin up as much to do the same amount of cooling, so it's noticeably quieter even when it does heat up, rarely makes any noise at all.The 16"" Max comes with a larger heat sink than the 16"" Pro, so likely runs a little cooler and quieter sometimes, though the Max might get hotter when it uses a lot of that extra power.KeyboardVery quiet, much like the older Mac laptop keyboards, not the butterfly ones from 2015-19, but the rest. Maybe less travel in the keys than some of those, but plenty for me.I miss the touch bar sliders for fine control of some functions, but you can still use sliders via the Control Center, the icon next to the date on the screen's top menu bar. That's also where control of the keyboard backlight is, no more control for it on the keyboard.TouchpadThe best available by far, responsive and large so you can carry the cursor over a large area with more control. For clicks, it's great. For taps, which I turn off, it's not as great, according to those who prefer that - appears to be a software issue.PortsThere's one less Thunderbolt/USB-C port than before, but 50% more bandwidth (3 controllers instead of 2).The HDMI is 2.0, can drive up to 4K HDR @60Hz.The SD card reader is shallow, so the cards stick out. There might be room for a flush micro-SD adapter. I only have cards up to 64GB, which work fine. Some people have had trouble reading some cards, so it may be finicky.Battery LifeI usually keep plugged in, but the reviews I've seen that cover battery life tests typically say it's the longest of any similar machine they've tested, including PCs. Reports of battery life for office work, browsing, watching videos, and so on generally range from 10 to 16 hours, sometimes more. It can go unusually long with heavy use too, 5 hours or more of video work, for example. Max Tech did 10 benchmark and stress tests with it in a couple hours, some maxing out the CPU or GPU for up to ten minutes, and it still had 36% left.At normal settings, there's no performance hit until you get down to 3%; until then you can process or game at full tilt. There's a low-power mode that extends battery life by limiting performance, lowering screen brightness, etc. The Max also has a high-power mode, but it seems to only ramp up the fans sooner to help cooling. Apple's description and tests in reviews indicate it doesn't affect performance in any direct way.The Max has tended to have a little less battery life than the Pro in reviews. The only good tests I've seen that compared directly either found negligible differences or up to 15% less battery life for the Max. (Other tests haven't been well controlled.)You can quick charge to 50% in a half-hour. The new power brick is 45% more powerful than before, and maybe 30% larger lengthwise, still small for what it does. You can charge at lower speed with smaller bricks (not included) via the USB-C ports.Size and WeightIt's noticeably heavier than before, about 5 ounces over the previous 16"", and not quite as sleek, but it's sleeker than I was expecting from the photos.RepairabilityHa ha! But really, it's better than it was. Battery modules now have pull tabs so they can be more easily replaced. The screen can be replaced more easily, but if Apple doesn't do it you lose True Tone (which I don't want anyway). The headphone, Thunderbolt and MagSafe ports can be replaced without replacing the logic board. Now rates a 4/10 from iFixit for repairability, up from 1/10 for the previous model.CompatibilityComes with Rosetta 2, which enables M1 Macs to use programs written for Intel Macs, and usually works very well.There's no more Boot Camp, so to run Windows or Windows programs you have to use third-party software like Parallels, which runs Windows by emulating a Windows machine (and requires a Windows license), or Crossover, which modifies Windows programs to run on Macs.  Which works best, or at all, depends on the program.GamingWoW *mostly* runs 50 to 120fps at high settings and resolution, depending on the location. Some places can't even manage 50 at those settings, though, but do OK at more compromised settings. Baldur's Gate 3, Diablo III, CS:GO and several others can run at 60-100fps or better at good settings.You can play Windows games via Parallels or Crossover. They generally don't run as well, but some do fine.Most games, including native ones, run quite a bit better on the Max, with up to 2x the fps. Final Fantasy XIV is hit and miss at good settings even with the Max.Gaming isn't usually hot or noisy, can get warmer with light fans for the games that aren't running natively. And there's no noticeable performance hit for gaming on battery.WorkI have to mention the less fun part: how well this does things you might have to do at work. It does almost all of it better than before, much of it way better. Here's how it compares according to actual test results from numerous sources with Xcode, Logic Pro, Lightroom, Blender, Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, and so on. The range of comparison depends on what the task is.Previous base MBP 16"" (Intel i7 AMD 5300): The Pro is 60% to several times faster.Previous top-spec'd MBP (i9 5600M): The Pro is about the same to 2 or 3 times faster.Regular M1 machines (not M1 Pro or Max): The Pro is about the same to several times faster.The 14"" M1 Pro with same specs: The same, though the 16"" has the bigger battery and heat removal system, so it fares better in those ways.Windows laptop work stations: This is complicated, but the Pro can thrash most Windows laptops in most intensive work-related apps. It lines up very roughly with machines with a good i7/i9 and an RTX 3070, but generally can't keep up with the RTX 3080. The Pro uses a fraction of the power, and so only produces a fraction of the heat and noise, if any. And lasts and performs much better on battery.Pro vs MaxThe Max is about the same to twice as fast as the Pro, mostly between those extremes. The CPU is much the same, but the GPU is double the cores, so the main advantage is in graphics-heavy work.Besides the GPU cores, the Max has twice the bandwidth for memory transfer, two hardware video encode engines instead of one, and some extra cooling capacity.If you're already successfully using a Mac laptop, you don't *need* the Max, since the Pro is already better than what you have. But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from the Max's extra power if you have the money. For intensive video editing, massive photo editing, or better gaming (though cheaper Windows machines will play most games better), the Max has real advantages.To confuse things a little more, Apple (but not Amazon currently) also offers a demi-Max with a 24-core GPU, halfway between the Pro's 16 and the Max's 32. It's a cheaper way to get the extra bandwidth, video encoder, and cooling advantages of the Max. Tests show that in graphics-intensive tasks it operates roughly midway between the Pro and 32-core Max, often more than half, as expected.WarrantiesThis comes with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects that includes free phone support for the first 90 days. If you want to also cover accidental damage (with deductibles) and extend the regular warranty and free tech support to 3 years, you can buy 

AppleCare+ from Amazon

   (link embedded) or Apple. You get 60 days from purchase to buy it, but coverage for accidents doesn't start until you do. (I always self-insure when I can, so I didn't get it.)DecalsLast and least, this comes with two black Apple decals, the sign of true professional Apple equipment."
887,Out of the box unusable for me. This MacBook Pro does not have any USB ports to be able to restore from a previous Mac back up that’s on an external drive. You must buy an adapter. Since I live in a remote area I’d have to order online and wait. You cannot even plug a iPhone12 Pro Max directly into it. The only ports it has are thunderbolt. So even Apple’s own lighting connector needs an adapter. The keyboard is a downgrade from the old keyboard. Solid black plastic instead of plastic keys surrounded by aluminum which were easier to see. Had to call Apple support to download an update because there is no reset option in the System Preferences of OS Monterey. And the update did not work to give it that option. Will have to figure out a different option to remove my account and information to return it. This particular MacBook is defective I believe.
888,I ordered the 2021 16 inch right away as I knew they would probably sell out fast. I had to make sure I had one for my trip I am leaving on soon.  As soon as I opened it the screen would never come on.  Thought maybe it needed charging so I tried that.  Still nothing but a black screen.  It kept making the sound when you open it up even when it was closed over and over again.  I took it to the local Apple Store hoping I could get some answers.  They tired to get it to work and could not either.  They said it is very strange and maybe something happened to it during shipping.  They said since it is brand new it would be best to get my money back from Amazon.  I thought maybe I could just exchange it before my trip but the one I ordered is out of stock.  I will try the 14 inch and see if I like it compared to the size of the 16 inch since it is in stock.  This is a first MacBook Pro I have ever purchased and now I am a bit nervous.
889,"Here are the temperature results for the new cool MacBooks compared to the old overheating intel ones. 91 degrees for the old one near the processor, and 74 degrees on the new ones. Both had been running for hours transferring files nonstop. Amazing. I have been editing video, transferring large files and not once have the fans kicked on. Makes me want to cry."
890,"Finally, this 2021 MacBook Pro cured my depression!"
891,Arrived DOA - wouldn’t start up. Spent hours on the phone with Apple support and still wouldn’t start. Returned - c’mon man!
892,"This laptop is unbelievably fast. Between the screen, battery life, and performance, this laptop is head and shoulders better than any competition."
893,My first ever MacBook. Switched over from PC and I can't believe I didn't switch sooner! On the pricer side but I'm super happy with my purchase!
894,"I have been using my MacBook Pro from 2014 for work until last week when I finally purchased this MacBook Pro. My old MacBook starts up and works as fast as the day I bought it. The only reason I bought a new MacBook was because the battery life was getting low. I probably could have just bought a new battery and it would have been fine.That being said, I did hold out for this MacBook because Apple brought back the ports that I needed. I use the HDMI and SD ports daily. An Ethernet port would have been nice but that’s asking too much. This MacBook has a 2 day battery life and is blazing fast. I use Adobe programs and this MacBook doesn’t even blink when I do live editing. Best laptop I have ever used.I own a business that uses many PC laptops and a couple MacBooks. A PC will never last as long as a MacBook. And, a PC ALWAYS gets slower after 6 months of use. The price is high but you can buy a new PC every 2 years or a MacBook every 7 years."
895,"Coming from a 2019 16in, I feel that this generation is 2 steps forwards, 1 step back.Pros:-Fans are never audible even under full extended load!  This was my #1 issue with my 2019 mac which would have constant fan noise with 2 monitors.-2x battery life-Better screen especially in dark environment or a dark subject-Extremely fast for certain workloads such as video editing and code compilation.-magsafe is back (although I personally don't care for it)-most apps work normally with rosetta emulation, but may have some stutter.Cons:-thicker and SIGNIFICANTLY heavier.-Screen has a notch which is very distracting for me.-Still has some compatibility issues.-Terrible for games.  Only a few titles are supported natively.  I only tested league of legends(uses rosetta emulator), but it was choppy and 1/3 the fps of my 2019 intel macbook.- +$300 base price even though they got rid of intel.-The area I feel apple has made a major misstep is with ports.  I couldn't care less for SD card or HDMI, but everyone who buys this is going to need USB-A.  It's ridiculous that I still have to bring a dongle everywhere just to use my mouse but these ports I never/rarely use are back.Also some developer related tools/libraries aren't working.C# debugger is totally unsupported for example.  Anything that requires gpu hardware acceleration (pytorch) is unlikely to ever be supported in any usable form.  Linux dual boot is unsupported or in early experimental stages.  I also had issues building/running java projects natively, but no issues with rosetta.If you're looking to buy this for an undergrad program, it's probably workable.  However, I'd suggest saving some $ and getting a used mac or windows machine.  Professional devs will be aware of their specific requirements, but I suspect many will need to keep a secondary x86 machine for the foreseeable future."
896,"I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13"" MacBook Pro to the 14"" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13"" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14"" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1"" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13"" model, but smaller than the 16"". I had a 16"" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14"" and 16"" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the ""form factor"" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the ""MacBook Pro"" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14"" and 16"" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13"" had the M1 chip and now my 14"" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13"" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27"" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13"" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14"" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max."
897,"I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this."
898,"M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about ""the notch"" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks ""sharp"" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks."
899,"I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?"
900,sent me base model
901,"I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connects"
902,"I never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it."
903,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!"
904,"This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the ""affordable"" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy."
905,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Sheeeese! What can I say? Apple has done it again 🤪😍 magnificent piece of device I must say."
906,"I pulled the trigger on this thing hoping that the bad reviews were wrong.. some of the comments saying it came dirty and defective definitely gave me pause however, what arrived today was practically a brand new macbook. the device does not show any signs of wear and the battery cycle count is 18, it came with the original power brick and while the cable was used, it was not worn or dirty in any way. While i've only just started using the device about an hour ago, I can tell you that it's speedy and works flawlessly... had I not known it was a refurb when buying it, I would have easily confused it for a brand new mbp.. for those asking, this is a 2017 macbook pro and the specs as quoted are accurate. i'll play around with this thing for a little while and update this review as needed, but so far this looks like a winner!***update***A few months in and it’s still working flawlessly. I don’t regret my purchase for one second, and neither should you!"
907,This is not a 256GB MacBook Pro- they are falsely advertising it as such and then shipping buyers 128GB versions.
908,"Came in used and dirty, and it was not even turn off, I'm gonna return it. So disappointed."
909,"Wow. I cant say enough how happy I am with this laptop! I it arrived early, and for a refurbished computer I swear it doesn't have a scratch, dent, smudge or single flaw anywhere on it! Its fast, the battery is great, its working perfectly! I couldn't be happier with this thing!"
910,"Was excited to receive it and on the outside it had one noticable chip in the case on the cover side (which had a sharp edge to it), but thought that isn't too bad.  But when opening it up the screen in both the top left and top right were broken/chipped/cracked like it had been dropped and they replaced the cover, but not the screen.  This was not acceptable.  Wanted to try it out and ended up learning that some of the keys did not work right (sticky, pushed strange and such), plus the touchpad/mouse was really strange and didn't seem to work correctly.  Too many issues out of the box for me and too concerned that there might be other issues from where it looked to have been dropped and such.  Sending it back and just started that process.  So far the return seems ok....but just hate that the product does not match the description...using their words ""Renewed products work and look like new""."
911,"I ordered the space gray with 256 gb of ram and received a silver with 128gb.  I knew this could happen as the picture did not match the description and I had seen other similar reviews.The good news is it was on time and in flawless condition.  I think I will stick with it and not press my luck, as it is still a fair price and a great machine, but beware."
912,"I have to admit, I don't typically write reviews and I was a little hesistant about the product due to some 1 to two star reviews. The space gray model not only is at a great price, it came to me brand new. With all the specs I was expecting, i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD, and works like a dream. Battery life is great, setting up was easy, and all my Apple Products (iPhone, Apple watch, Earpods) synced with no issues. I'm not sure as to why there were so many negative reviews, but mine is not one of them. SO HAPPY!! I truly recommend."
913,the battery is dead
914,"This product arrived quickly and looked great.  There have been multiple glitches with the power switch and with the screen ever since it's arrival.  Most of the time the power button would require multiple attempts to push before the computer would power up.  When the computer woke from sleep state (opening lid after its been closed for at least fifteen minutes) the screen would be black and then all pixelated.  Most recently, the computer wouldn't even turn on, when it finally did, it was all reset and all the settings were reset.  I lost everything I had put on the computer over the past day.  The seller still hasn't gotten back to me after email and I left a voice message.  I have now initiated a return as I want my money back.  It would have been nice if they had gotten back to me ASAP when I emailed or when I called (during normal hours of operation, by the way) and it went to voicemail.  The fact that they didn't and the computer kept coming up with other issues.  I now will buy a new one.  The value is not there with the aggravation generated."
915,"Multiple reviews mentioned getting devices with used batteries, screen issues, etc.My laptop arrived through FedEx Express with questionable packaging. But everything was intact and fine. The laptop still had the plastic wrapped around it as MacBooks directly from Apple do, even with the screen cover. Only 3 battery cycles out of the box, with a new charger in the box. I am very satisfied with the purchase although in the Q&A section of this product someone mentions that this is a 2018 model, its not, its a 2017 (At least the one I received.) which for me isn't really a big deal since it arrived in exceptional condition. Highly recommend this MacBook."
916,I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA. But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable. Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at home and making zoom calls all the time.
917,"Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours. Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution & bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications (With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there will be a fix soon"
918,"UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1 MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro - and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using ""swap memory"" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful. Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/A) - 2017 12"" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020 Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017 MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful when you have many GPU intensive ""Pro Apps"" running at the same time.I would never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or the dreaded beach ball ""not responding"" issues, or if you have non-Apple programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models, it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac."
919,"The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it with a new one."
920,"Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well."
921,"I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13"" and a 11, both with the previous form factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution) and this new 13"" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great!  2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and looks good with the thin black bezel.  I usually don't go above 50% brightness.- KEYBOARD is good.  Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.  Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is fantastic.  Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC), etc., it has been great.  Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.- LOOKS GREAT.  Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few years old by now) design, looks and feels great.  Form factor is nice and it is a reasonable weight.- NO FAN.  That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap.  Pretty amazing really for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE.  It works great so far on what I have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a laptop using Apple silicon for the first time.  For just day to day use and things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super smooth and fast.  Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it is the base model with 7-core GPU.  Also, things like start up are noticeably faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27"" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH ID is great still.  Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons.  On the other hand, it should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual and a real reason to get this MBA.  Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not really need Face ID if you have the watch).  You can easily send/receive files using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay.  And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still sucks.  Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams, etc.  Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27"" iMac FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS.  Sad that this thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging, DisplayPort).  Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port for other use, pretty lame.  I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH (Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g. Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery.  Easier to have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute, especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem.  Love it so far!"
922,No complains so far.  Very fast and performs great.  I had a 2014 MacBook Air and finally upgraded this year.  This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very happy with this upgrade.
923,"Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new Apple M1 chip.  A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this computer, I have have found several things of concern:1.  my notification center keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2.  my computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS devices (iPhone & iPad).  If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will appear on my mac but not vice versa.  Reminders will not sync regardless of which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET.  THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!"
924,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Bought this laptop bc i needed it for spring semester and i needed an upgrade from my heavy macbook pro. I go to work too so i needed something super light and thin i can just bring everywhere and slide it in my bag.I am obsessed with how fast this macbook is. The battery life is on point. I used it for movies and series at work and it lasted for 3 days. The processor is definitely sooo good. I open so many tabs at once and it has not lagged on me. The keyboard and trackpad is responsive.I love the color. The main reason why i bought this too. 😍😂I have no problems with it at all.Highly recommend"
925,Opened my brand new $1000++ computer and the entire screen was cracked and destroyed. Awesome! Thanks Amazon.
926,"Delivered to me within 12 hours of purchase... Sealed in original apple packaging with protective film, blemish free, not a scratch.. Mint.its powerful, Ive already loaded some big task audio software and broadcast software on it and its flying through the multiple processes together at ease... (Logic 10.5 / Traktor DJ 3.0 / OBS)Super light and portable, If this is a MacBook Pro then I can't even imagine how light the Air models are. Nor could I even imagine why you may need something more powerful. I am having to adjust to the new keyboard and Touch Bar, I keep hitting Siri and volume settings, even as I type this.id also recommend getting a keyboard cover as well.... I hear these keyboards go out sometimes and to repair it. This is no fault to the reseller, but I can't believe Apple with their price points don't offer a bigger SSD for the lowest price point.... 128gb is laughable so be prepared to buy an external SSD along with a Thunderbolt 3 / USB-C Hub to run hdmi, and various external accessories.Overall I love this computer so far, it was a nail biter as I rarely ever shell out $1,000 on anything but I'm very pleased and satisfied with my purchase. And I still cannot find a better deal on the internet, not even used on Facebook marketplace, letgo or craigslist....Five stars"
927,So not worth it. All they want to do is take your money do NOT BUY THIS ONE! Its used and if you search apple on amazon they have brand new with higher stats for cheaper.
928,"Just received this, but so far so good. It looks BRAND NEW. There are literally NO signs of cosmetic wear or damage. It arrived in a sealed apple box. I’m finishing setting up and I already love it. For just under $1,200 for a 2019 model, this is a GREAT deal!"
929,"I really love my MacBook. I really love this laptop. I'm a huge MacBook fan and this works like new. So far I don't have a problem with the butterfly keyboard, but I heard bad reviews about the keyboard from watching YouTube videos. I think that they may have fixed the keyboard problem when they refurbished the product??? I'm not sure, but honestly this a really great laptop for a really great price. I do wish that it came in the original Apple box and packaging, but it wasn't far from the really deal."
930,"It looks and feels brand spanking new! Definitely happy with my purchase considering that I bought a brand new 2020 MacBook Air and hated it. Returned it back in 2 days. I paid a lot less for the Pro than the Air and its A LOT better with so many features. I’m not trying to persuade anyone out of getting the Air but if you are considering on buying a MacBook my advice would be to just go ahead and get the pro. The Air reminds me of a google chrome book slapped with an Apple logo on it. Not saying that google chrome books are bad, but there’s no need to pay a full band for the Air when you could find something similar and a lot cheaper. All in all I really love this laptop."
931,"Bought this laptop with some apprehensions, as i have typically bought refurbished goods from apple directly. This was my first from amazon, and i was not disappointed. The notebook was flawless, not a single scratch on it. second, all the accessories where flawless as well, not signs of usage. When i powered on the notebook to verify usage, the battery had cycled only 3 times, meaning it was still in new condition. Very highly recommended seller. Thanks for a pleasant transaction."
932,"This laptop looked new, straight from Apple store."
933,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen arrived damaged, what a scam.!"
934,"Although I was very skeptical about purchasing a ""refurbished"" MacPro, after reading the reviews for this company, I made the purchase.  The MacPro arrived earlier than expected, expertly wrapped, included Apple certified, and in NEW condition.  There is no way I could tell it was not new or refurbished.  The price was the best I could find after researching other sellers.  I would highly recommend iPower Resale Inc to anyone looking for a MacPro.  Their customer service is exceptional.  Thank you for a great product!  5*****"
935,"When I looked at this product it only had one review and it was a bad one... I then checked all the other products the seller sold and the reviews were excellent, needless to say I took a chance and ordered this MacBook Pro 2019. It arrived before anticipated and it was securely package. I AM SO GLAD I took a chance on them because this MacBook is amazing! Now I’ve waited a couple months before reviewing it to make sure it works. The MacBook looks brand new, it didn’t have any dents or scratches. It works and performs like a new MacBook. I had to contact the seller over the a small issue with the charger and they went above and beyond to correct the issue.Excellent customer service excellent product. I recommend this seller to anyone!"
936,"I got my new MacBook Pro M1 two weeks ago and could not be more happy with it. This machine is absolutely incredible in terms of speed, looks, weight/size, display, and battery life - and texture (it feels so good against the skin on my wrists as I type) and basically anything else you can think of. I also love the space gray color, the new keyboard, the Touch Bar, and the larger trackpad. There are so many options to customize the system to work just the way I like.My previous MacBook was the 2011 model and it still works today, but after 10 years it became too slow and the trackpad had trouble clicking, so after a TON of research, I decided to pull the trigger and get the New MacBook Pro with the M1 chip.A couple suggestions I am able to give after spending almost two months and probably over 30 hours researching the new MacBook are: go with the standard model of 8gb of RAM and the 256 ssd - you can get this on Amazon for $1239 vs $1299 at Apple - so you get to save 60 bucks, and you have the added satisfaction of not having to deal with the snobby nerd losers that work in the Apple Store, who asked me rudely when I went in to get a new laptop ""umm, do you have an appointment? Well, you're going to have to make an appointment if you want to go in the store"". I love Apple products and will never use another phone or computer besides the iPhone and MacBook, but after that experience I will never again give my business to the physical Apple Stores. I mean, seriously, do you really need me to make an appointment to buy a $1300 laptop? Whatever dude.Anyway, in several YouTube videos that compared the 8GB ram model along side the 16GB ram model (costs 200 bucks more), the 8GB performed just as well in nearly every task - and they really pushed it to the limits. The only reason to pay up for the 16GB RAM is if you want to edit 8K UHD videos or are a super serious music recording artist or highly advanced professional photographer - and even then it's not too much of a difference. For the every day user (me or basically anyone who is not a computer professional) the 8GB working with this new M1 chip is mind-blowing, blows any other laptop on the market completely out of the water, and actually even performs just as well as the $2200 15 inch MacBook Pro using the Intel chip. As far as the storage goes, 256 ssd is standard - that's what I got - and you can pay 200 bucks more for 512 ssd or 400 bucks more for 1 TB. But with the Cloud storage available now, you don't really need to keep much on the laptop drive, you can just save it to the cloud.Overall I honestly could go on for hours about every little detail that I absolutely love about this machine. A free one year subscription to Apple TV is also another little perk. But I am still mystified every day at how incredible this machine is. I've been online for over 3 hours now and its still on 92% battery. The new Retina display is brilliant. Everything is perfect. I truly am in love this laptop and would recommend that anyone looking for a new laptop to last a long time and outperform everything else on the market gets the new matchbook 13 inch M1."
937,I bought my Mac from Apple directly not from Amazon. This thing is amazing. Battery life is awesome. Hard to believe that I can work with it all day and do not have to charge at all even with bright screen.No issues with speed at all. I use Matlab a lot and this computer is even slightly faster than my desktop with 12 core AMD CPU and 32 GB ram.Excellent machine. Happy I bought it.
938,"I own over 50 computers and it blows away my 11th gen Dell XPS 13 i7, My surface Book 3, my Ryzen 7 Thinkpad. the first week I got it the battery lasted for 5 days and 22 hrs of use and still had 20% left. I felt guilty and charged it. The Geekbench 5 rating beat all those listed laptops and they had 16 or 32GB of memory and the MacBook Pro M1 had only 8GB of unified memory. The keyboard felt great, the sound was superb, the screen bright, and it was blazing fast in all I did. I'm an IT consultant and deal in Windows based databases and this Mac has now become my daily go to system at home. It has become my new front end."
939,It's a Mac once you go Mac you never go back. This is my second Mac my first lasted almost 9 years.
940,Dead at arrival.... kernel error. Took it to the Apple store they told me looks like a hardware failure and to send it back to Amazon.
941,"I'm going to preface this review with the 1 thing I dislike so we can get that out of the way.I mean let's be honest, that's what most people are looking for when buying a product-the down sides.It has a standard 3.5mm headphone jack EVEN THOUGH apple quit using that on it's handheld products years ago.Not that I care, it's good that they include the 3.5mm jack-but how come they didn't include one for their lightning connector that their headphones come in out of the box? Forces you to either change to a standard headphone jack or BT headphones (probably trying to push their AirPods line).Other than that, I have no issues. It's fast, efficient, reliable and easy to use. If your familiar with iOS on these then it'll be a great addition to the tech team you have at home."
942,"I love my new MacBook Pro!!  It’s the 13” and not too small. It’s very lightweight!  It’s so fast!  I was using an older MacBook Pro from mid 2012. It worked well, just so slow. This one flies!!  I was disappointed that there are no USB ports or CD player. I spent about $65 at Best Buy and got an adapter that works very well!!!"
943,The battery lasts forever and its fast. My last macbook had a pretty good battery and worked very well for years too.The M1 does allow for dual external monitors and there are two usbc ports total. These two things can be worked around with dongles and a video hub but now I have $200 worth of accessories and a tangled mess on my desk.How is a 2020 Mac not compatible with dual monitors but my 2005 HP works great with the same monitor setup?!? I really can't get past that.Get the intel version with 4 USB ports and you can use it in your Covid home office out of the box.
944,"There is no fix for this, and now it can't be returned.  All that money wasted!!! There is a vertical black line on the screen.  I tried to fix it using tips from youtube videos and none of it worked.  Proceed with caution!"
945,"I really wanted to love this laptop. I've had only Macs for years. This was supposed to be an upgrade from my 2014 MacBook Air. I previously had a 2020 16"" intel based MacBook Pro for work configured with two HP monitors. No issues with the monitors and connected instantly with zero effort to get the screens to work with the laptop. Bought this one and connected to my Belkin hub for the HDMIs. Would only connect a single monitor. Googled the issue and found that the new M1 apple chip only supports a single monitor. News to me and I guess I should have researched more. However the low rating stems from the fact that this is a PRO laptop. A professional would want two monitors and should not have to google whether a PRO laptop supports more than 1 monitor when the intel version does seamlessly. Despite this I had planned to keep it and just deal with 1 monitor because of the cost savings over buying the Intel based MacBook Pro and wanted the longer battery life. Now brings me to the issue that made me return the laptop. This laptop just would not configure to show a clear resolution with my monitors. The scale was off and the display just stayed blurry no matter what setting I changed it to on the monitor or the laptop's settings. Tried and tried and just gave up. Returned this and ordered an Intel based 13"" MacBook Pro. No issues, supports dual monitors, and seamlessly integrated to the laptop. No blurry screen and no having to set or change any settings to get it to work. I am floored that Apple would produce a Pro for business that only supports a single monitor. I love Apple but will not buy anything with their chip until the kinks are worked out."
946,This is by far the best laptop ive ever owned! The laptop came with 0 scratches and only 16 battery charges on it. It even came with the apple box and stickers! Highly reccomend for the price. $850 is great for a 2019 macbook air.
947,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Everything I expected and more! Just like brand new!"
948,I love this laptop so so much. I think everyone should get it. The model is between 2018-2020 and the one I got had the Touch ID on it! Everything was very easy to set up and is in such great quality!
949,"Received in a timely manner.  Will review in a couple weeks.Well, it's been over 2 weeks since receiving my MacBook Air and I have to admit that it has proven to be worth it's price. The Retina display is phenomenal and it's compact chassis is just what I was looking for. I am not a power user, so I didn't need major memory capacity. The speakers are, surprisingly, crisp and clear for such a slim build. The fingerprint scanner is quick and a huge convenience. I am (or was) a long-time PC user and resisted getting an Apple, but the transition was smooth and Apple's claim to fame for being user-friendly and intuitive proved true. If you are looking for a compact, yet capable laptop with QWERTY keyboard, I would recommend this product."
950,"After having the laptop a few months, I can say my leap of faith to buy an amazon refurbished was worth it BUT I had to work a little bit.  It didn't arrive perfect and it still isn't perfect.  There is a tiny white dot on the screen where some pixels died (I guess) and when I first got it, I had to call Apple support to get iMessage and Facetime to work on it.  Then I had to take it to the Apple store to get the keyboard fixed as some keys would not work.  Thankfully, I had Apple Care on it so the cost to get it shipped off and fixed wasn't bad.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I recommend this seller, but I will probably buy new next time."
951,"** I have only had the laptop for a week, this review is only based off of the time I have had it**I was so nervous to buy a refurbished computer but this came like it was brand new. New packaging, new charger, spotless laptop. I was worried the battery would be bad and wouldn’t hold a charge. I was wrong. I downloaded over 12,000 photos and was on it nonstop for over 2 days without even having to charge it. I am in love with this!!!"
952,"As in the description exactly, thank the seller for the fast shipping and good packaging"
953,I love this laptop and I’m really happy with all the features. Would definitely recommend.
954,Exactly as expected. Great value.
955,"The product made a loud buzzing/grinding airplane-type noise as soon as it finished setting up which was truly deafening. I presume it was the fan producing this aggravating sound. No programs were running and the room was approximately 68 degrees Fahrenheit so overheating should not have been an issue. Since no computer should ever sound like a coffee maker at any time, I must conclude that it was defective. Return to sender."
956,Exceeded my expectations! Some of the reviews had me a bit nervous but I can’t tell you how happy I am! The laptop is on almost brand new condition! Only 1 TINY nick on the front (you can’t see it unless your looking) and it was perfectly ready for me to set up my account! No issues or problems! It comes in a box perfectly protected and has the charger to go with as well👍🏼 So happy with it! Thank you!
957,"I was so excited because this laptop came in perfect condition. But when I tried to change the unsername to my name it wouldn’t work. 3 calls to Apple later, and I find out this computer is owned by a school that can remotely access my laptop at any time. Meaning, if they wanted to they could shut down and erase my laptop. Amazon gave me a full refund but I am very sad and disappointed"
958,"All in all, the laptop works great! It runs fast, it’s clean, and it’s perfect for what I needed it. The one disappointment I have it they claimed this product as a catagory A which means like new. When it arrived, the screen had two scratch marks on it that was discolored from the rest of the screen. I would understand like new for any other part to have a scratch, but the screen is a big deal and it should have mentioned that in the details."
959,"This MacBook Air is amazing!  I had been previously using a 2007 MacBook Air and it was time to upgrade.  I have never purchased refurbished before so I really didn't know what to expect, though was greatly concerned.  Needless to say that this laptop heavily exceeded my expectations.  Other reviewers stated that their MacBook was not as described, though mine looks brand new.  The keys are still crisp and clean, the screen immaculate.  There are a few light scratches on the outside of the computer (mostly the underside), but it is very minimal and unnoticeable.It runs like a dream, though I have only begun using it.  I will update should the computer have any issues.  It is an early 2015 with 4 GB RAM and its OS is Sierra.  I wanted to share that, as I found the Q&A to be a little confusing on that point and other reviews didn't really mention it."
960,"When I received this package, I was thrilled...until I tried to turn it on and got a “low battery” notification...for 16+ hours. Turns out the cord provided (not a Mac product) is not the correct wattage to charge this device. It’s hard to tell at this point if the computer is faulty or not now that I’ve purchased a new cord from Best Buy, but it shuts down as soon as it’s disconnected from power. The screen is pretty floppy, too- falls back without provocation. All of which seem like things that should have been mentioned in the details before I decided to purchase.After taking this computer to the Apple store, I was informed that the issue was indeed the battery- completely bad and had to be replaced. Again, something that I wish I had known before purchasing. It is in working order now, but doesn’t meet my standards of what “certified refurbished” means, and product details lacking for sufficient purchasing knowledge ahead of time."
961,"It said I had to do an update. When I hit the only update allowed it said the latest version was already installed but it wouldn’t let me go foward.  Also the screen seemed loose.  So if it was cleared out they never installed the new software correctly. So it wouldn’t let me even get to the main screen.  Others had luck but I did not.Also when I plugged the power bar in. It had a bit of a shock come out. As an electrician, I know that was a big no no.  I was willing to spend the money and get the correct power cord. But with everything else. I thought that’s already 3 strikes. No thanks."
962,I was very hesitant buying a used MacBook from Amazon but it turned out great! Looks new and works amazingly. You will receive exactly what was described. I have no complaints!
963,"Good quality, arrived early. As-new condition. Easy to install from my old machine via time machine backup. The old one was a 2010, now we are good for another 5-7 years.Thanks"
964,I have been struggling with this product since day one. I am not getting responses from the seller OR the extended warranty repair company.I have never had trouble with Amazon before. Every issue I have ever had has been settled with ease and courtesy.This has not. Made more devastating as it it is the largest purchase I have had and the product has been unusable almost since day one. We sent it to the extended warranty place who said they fixed it but it still doesn’t work.We have spent hours at Apple doing diagnostics and it is simply not functional. To repair it would cost more than I paid. They do not think that the parts it was refurbished with are even Apple parts.This was a terrible product and not worth the money.
965,"I bought this Mac and it came with a non Apple charger, I bought this as travel computer, sure enough in the first week while I was in Europe I had to buy am authentic Apple charger at $117. Now a month  later my Mac has died. It was having issues as in when I tried to maximize the scene with Netflix it would just shrink to a 3x5"" screen volume,  also the screen had been replaced before I bought it and is not well attached, very disappointed, I bought this last summer, but only started to use it in October when I was traveling, so I spent close to $700 for a Mac that lasted 2 months, return and replacement window has ""closed"" so I am stuck with a hefty repair bill."
966,"Was very iffy about buying refurbished but it’s honestly like new! There are a couple of LITTLE scratches but nothing noticeable! Compared to my friends MacBook Air that she paid 1100$ for and they are the absolute same. Best $500 I’ve ever spent. & the company is AWESOME! The charger didn’t work as soon as I got it & I emailed them. Within an hour I had an email from them and they were sending me a new charger, thankful my friend had her charger that I used until I received mine but the battery last like 2-3 days so it wasn’t that bad."
967,"Seller: IT5050Wowie! My son wanted an Apple Computer for Christmas and I was not about to spend $1000+ on a laptop for a 11-year-old boy. But a refurbished MacBook was definitely priced more appropriate for him. This computer is AMAZING people!!! Looks so clean and new. Only a couple faint scratches on the bottom, the keyboard looks like it was hardly touched, screen is clear and no burn marks in it, plus the battery is great. The seller was so awesome to get me this gift in time for Christmas, they are quick to respond to emails and followed up to make sure it was delivered afterward. (seriously, the nicest people!) I had purchased another renewed MacBook from another seller, and their level of quality wasn’t as good, by far. I wish I could pre-select a quality grade for the laptop (excellent, good, fair, etc.), so it is a little scary just leaving it up to the unknown. I work in the retail business and I like to applaud small companies who sell quality products. Do yourself a favor and go here, they gave me a laptop that is stellar and eased my worries about a refurbished laptop. It really looks so good and is operating perfectly. This is such a smarter way to buy a computer, especially for kids, or if you like to have the pricier brands without spending the high price. – Happy Mommy!"
968,"Wow! Bought this from TECHarvard and was claimed to be Certified Refurbished, which according to the Amazon description should show limited to no signs of wear.  Well the device that I received not only was pretty scratched on the bottom, had a huge ding on the corner of the top cover, but the keyboard showed more signs of wear than the MacBook that I've had for 5 years(Space bar was completely warped).  Definitely does not resemble a new device in any way shape or form.  If they are selling used devices, call them used and mark the price down accordingly.  This is definitely going back."
969,"Overall the laptop is nice. A couple of marks on the outside but works relatively well. There was an issue with the battery that originally came with it. It would shut off around 65% battery life. I asked the seller for a replacement battery, which they gave to me free of charge. However, the replacement battery is not originally an Apple battery and instead a knock off. This issue prompted it to restart randomly no matter what the battery life was at. I’m putting the original battery back in and having Apple replace it with the appropriate battery for an additional fee. I got what a paid for and I won’t make the mistake of buying a refurbished Apple product from anywhere other than the Apple store again."
970,This is the BEST purchase I’ve ever made! The laptop 💻 arrived on time and in MINT condition. It functions beautifully and works flawlessly for my personal and business needs. I would recommend this seller to any & all I know who are in the market for reliable and affordable devices.
971,"Battery doesnt work! I travel to another country with the laptop and web I turned on and unplug it, it shuts down! And in Battery Options appears ""Replace now"". How you can help me? I'm in Ecuador now and wont be back in a year!"
972,"I love my new MacBook Air, it came as expected (relatively like new condition). This my first Mac and I’d purchase it again refurbished, you save greatly and get almost the same product 😀"
973,Bought certified refurbished ended up with a unit with a screen covered in dead pixels. I contacted apple to see how much a screen replacement should be more I'm looking a repair cost more than I paid for the laptop.
974,"DO NOT BUY!!! I purchased this computer for about two month and one day I couldn’t turn it on after it goes into sleep mode for a long time. It just wouldn’t turn no matter what I do, I tried every single method out there. I had to press the power button a hundred times for it to finally turn on. But after a while even that won’t work. The computer is just dead. I had to take it to the computer store and they told me it costs $434 to fix it!!!! Even though I actually paid to get it fixed I recommend everyone do not buy!! It’s not worth the money and will cost you more!! The guy in the computer store told me that there is corrosion inside the motherboard and in order to fix it it costs a lot of money ($434). I am truly upset and wished I would have just bought a brand new one from apple that’s the newest version and which will cost me less than what I spent on this computer!!"
975,"The laptop worked great the first week. Eventually, things started to decline and quickly.  I would constantly have to change the time clock, and that would prevent many apps from working properly or not at all. I also discovered that my webcam did not work. I asked customer service if I could get a replacement laptop, and they gave me a website to help me fix it myself. It did not work. Also, the computer would start dying very quickly, even after a full charge. I would also not start up automatically, even with the charger plugged in. I had to press to start button almost endlessly for it to just power on. Eventually, it just would not cut on at all, even with the charger plugged in. It’s completely dead. Apple says that it should cut on with the charger plugged in if it were a battery issue, so it’s definitely something wrong with it beyond that and it will cost upwards of $400 to fix. I’m totally bummed. It did not even last a year."
976,"BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER, SHE IS 70 YEARS OLD AND BARELY USES THE LAPTOP.THE SCREEN IS IN THIS STATE, APPEARS TO BE PEELING! VERY BAD!!"
977,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Note: My purchase was completed through Kanga Supply for this item that ultimately doesn't function as intended.Amazon Renewed item descriptions indicate that the products should work and look like new, which wasn’t the case for this purchase, ergo my poor rating. After only having the Macbook for less than a day, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the product no longer functioned as intended.CONSThe Macbook worked fine for the first hour or so of use, but during an update, the screen flickered vigorously (see video). I hoped it was just a fluke, and it led me to believe there may be some software or hardware-related issue. After having the Macbook for less than 12 hours, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the screen flickering caused the laptop to become unusable (see picture). I also came here to draft a review in hopes that my issue is resolved quickly and effectively. I'll update my review once this is complete.PROSAfter removing the laptop and inspecting the outside, I was pleased. The outside of the Macbook is in good condition, just one or two visible scratches or marks.The charger was not the original Apple charger (as other reviews have indicated) but an OEM adapter. I don’t care that much about whether it’s an Apple charger, as long as it functions.Specs match the advertised item I purchased:128GB SSD8GB ramEDIT/UPDATE: After reaching out to the seller as instructed with the Amazon Renewed products, I never got a response in the allotted timeframe (2 business days) and was forced to reach out to Amazon directly. Ultimately, this item was returned for a refund.UPDATE 2: Today is 1/13/2020 and I have still yet to see this problem resolved to my satisfaction (refund or exchange of working product), after having ordered this product on 12/26/2019. Highly disappointed both in Amazon and the third-party seller.UPDATE 3: Received a replacement Macbook on 1/15/2020. So far it seems to be working, no issues with the screen per the previous item received (was NOT the same item sent back, verified by serial number). Pleased so far with this item."
978,"The 2015 Macbook Pro is still, in my opinion, the best Macbook even in 2019.  I use the SD card reader all the time and have several USB 3.0 devices.  I also use a newer 2017 quad-core i7 for work (no choice) but the difference in speed is not worth the added money and lacking ports.  When I actually put the newer 2017 to work, the heat issue is still a challenge for Apple and performance drops.  It's like having power that I can't actually use unless I sit in a walk-in freezer. Don't quote benchmark speed tests to me, what counts is actual performance sitting at my desk for hours at a time working on a project. I also prefer the magsafe power (although this one uses the magsafe II which I like less than magsafe I which had a more solid connection) This one, I purchased for my wife and it handles everything she needs it to do. Although you can't upgrade the memory on these models, so make sure you get enough for what you need.  If you want to change out memory, then the best choice is the Mid 2012 non-retina model which also come with DVD drives and has USB 3.0 ports."
979,"First off, I am removing a star because they shipped a counterfeit 60W Magsafe 2 charger with my order. I contacted them immediately and they offered to accept a return of everything. I explained that the charger was my only complaint and they overnight FedEx'd a genuine Apple replacement for free.""we sent you the wrong adapter for this batch of order and will overnight you the correct genuine one.""So they knowingly ship counterfeit chargers with some of their orders?The computer is pretty good cosmetically and operationally, but not as great as other reviewers. It is an Early-2015 12,1 model, this one was built in 12/2016. There is a crease over the right USB port from somebody yanking a USB plug. The battery has 107 cycles (89% life left). Keyboard and display are in great shape with no flaws. The SSD has no dead cells. It came with MacOS 10.13 installed.Overall its a good laptop and decent refurbishment job.EDIT: Knocking off another star. They sent me another counterfeit charger. Apple would never loosely jumble the cord in the box, a genuine power supply doesn't stay powered on for several seconds after it's unplugged from the main or stay lit green/orange after its unplugged from the laptop and this fake only puts out 25 watts max."
980,"I really feel like I got a great deal on this, mine arrived in brand new condition and it looked like it had never been used. I did see some people had bad experiences but mine was well worth the price tag. The only negative was that the charger provided is third party and not OEM Apple. The box is also generic and not Apple, not a big deal but you just don't get that same feeling opening it up as a new product. I will say that I checked the serial number on Apple and the computer itself was only a couple of years old, so in reality I paid around $450 for an Apple that was only a couple of years old with a decent amount of battery life still left. I only bought this as there was certain tasks that I could not do on my iPad and so I did not need a brand new super powerful computer. This one is great, does not get hot, fans are silent and the display looks incredible.Overall I was very happy with the purchase, it came fast and was like new condition at the fraction of the cost of a new one. I actually waited a few months before writing this review so that I could also include that I have had no issues at all in that time, battery lasts a decent amount of time and no software or hardware issues to report. It also runs the latest OS that I updated it to and I believe it will be supported software wise for some time to come. Completely worth the price!"
981,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The Macbook came in working condition with all original components and an OEM charger but not with the extension cord. The major downfall is the condition of the laptop, for the above average asking price for this model I expected great condition as it is stated to be like new but instead the model I received was in okay condition (not cleaned either, large collection of gunk in hinge vent) at best with a lot of edge scratches and deep cuts throughout the chassis, and some unremovable stains from stickers! And worst of all the battery was at over 500 cylces, the battery life was 4-5 hrs max! thats horrible for whats suppose to be a renewed device! Not satisfied!EDIT:  Avoid this entire listing especially from the seller ''Easymobiledevices'', they ship dirty grade b laptop and have poor costumer service."
982,Once i started running it all sort of problems arises. First major problem is wifi drops off and will not let you connect to wifi. After this happens you cant even turn on/off the wifi. Used guest and still no wifi. Restarting or shutdown and restart will not activate wifi. If you restart it takes so long to reboot. Sometimes it get stuck on the waiting wheel on startup. One out of ten restart wifi will work for a minute but then drops off and you will no longer be able to connect again. I cant say anything physically because it looks fine. Lastly beware it shows and says freshly installed mojave os but it has instead sierra installed. The power cord looks like an imitation and not the original one because from the weight it is not the original one. I can tell because i have multiple macbook at home and that is not the original one. I am pretty disappointed with this seller.
983,"I’ll update 15 days from today.CONS:-Delivery packaging: it was a regular box with one thick bubble wrap to protect the laptop.First glance, the charger seems pretty beat up but seems to work fine.-The outer top of the laptop has a lot of scuff marks and scratches. Sides do as well. Nothing TOO severe.-Bottom have some scratches and wearing on the rubber, not too noticeable.PROS:-Had a full battery-Set up went smoothly with no hiccups.-Outer signature glowing Apple works well.-Opening the laptop, the screen has no visible scratches, cracks, or scuffs at all.-Keyboard has no loose keys and is glowing well.-Trackpad has no scratches and works really well no weird working sides SO FAR.-Software automatically updated to Catalina, kinda wanna wait to update to Big Sur.I’ll update March 13, 2021"
984,"Still a GREAT LAPTOP, arguably the best MacBook Pro 13” ever made, 2 or 3 iterations later! I have had mine for 3 months now and although I was a little disappointed that I got a no-brand MagSafe power brick instead of an Apple brand, it’s caused no problems for me. I have been using Logic Pro X a lot and it runs nice and smooth even with the haphazard way I use it, leaving muted unused tracks all over the place as I learn about things like track bouncing and experiment with every single effect and different audio formats (I feel bad sometimes like I am unnecessarily abusing the laptop, lol) and I haven’t frozen or crashed at all. I have used a few emulation programs for old Saturn, Super Famicom, PS and Dreemcast games that push the 2D sprite and parallax scrolling envelope and again I haven’t had any problems. Only thing I have experienced that has been an issue is the actual Mac OS and it’s limitations with regard to formats, programs that it supports and connectivity with outside developers but I have also been able to get around that by setting Virtual Machines up and GUID partitioning to use whatever other OS I need. This is also not a complaint about the hardware itself but rather the Mac OS software so should not be considered when it comes to the actual MacBook Pro 13”.You will want to upgrade to an NVME M2 SSD at least 256 GB or 512 GB right away, as the 128 GB SSD will fill up within 2-3 months of moderate use and the newer M2s will increase the OS loading speed more than anything else. Luckily you have your pick of great SSDs like the Samsung 970 Evo, etc that you can easily swap in with a $5 adapter, a screwdriver and no soldering (just search YouTube for “MB Pro 13 2015 SSD upgrade”)…The unique things and PROS about this MB Pro 13” are the older style KEYBOARD that doesn’t break like 2016-later model keyboards do, 2 USB 3 ports, an SD CARD R/W and a FULL SIZE HDMI PORT all built in. This is the last MB Pro 13 with any of those ports on board and the fact that you can swap SSD hard drives with no soldering and very little skill needed, all-in with the M2 you get a sexy little powerhouse for half the price of the newer model Pro 13”s (1/4 price of current gen)! The rest (CPU, onboard graphics, sound/speakers) make this laptop a must have that will likely only appreciate in value $$$!Two Thunderbolt 2/miniDisplayPorts are useful if you want to setup 2-3 Screens, but the CONS Are that you get NO ThunderBolt 3/USB-C ports and more and more adapters and devices require that connection these days, though with the USB 3 ports there are ways around it, complicated as they may be. You also CANNOT UPGRADE RAM unless you know how to de-solder the current ram and solder up new ram (accepts up to 16GB DDR-3 in 2X8GB formation) and setup the machine to accept the new ram, which seems a recipe to completely destroy the board/laptop without at least some Mac building & Mac hardware programming know-how, possibly even special equipment.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE MODEL WITH THE AMOUNT OF RAM YOU NEED BUILT IN & a CPU that will be sufficient for you and you won’t be disappointed with this awesome little 6 year old laptop! Don’t get the 4 GB model even if it will “work” for you “short-term”! I got the 8GB/i5 2.9Ghz/128GB and I already regret not paying another $100 for the 16GB ram model, but c’est la vie.Just buy this MacBook Pro 13” while you can, replace the SSD as soon as possible, enjoy it, keep it another 5-10 years and you will likely be able to triple your investment by reselling it assuming Apple stays on their current trajectory with their MB Pro Hardware releases!!!"
985,"Hi, I bought this Macbook Pro 13"" early 2015 and received last week on Aug 23th. The laptop has a good appearance and doesn't have any flaws. However, the charger(45w) packed together with the macbook is not for macbook pro but for  Macbook Air. I just found out today, cuz when I use the charger(45w) laptop cpu temperatures goes up to 65-85 celcius. and I can't use more than 4 hours. But when I charge my macbook with Macsafe 1 (85w, which is for Pro), the cpu temperature keeps 40-50 degree, and it runs around 10hours. I want to change my charger into “MacBook Pro Charger 85w”. Thank you."
986,I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.I can't use the Mac because the hard drive was not reset and the software on the Mac dose not allow you to use it.Also there was no charger.Again very disappointed.
987,"Looks brand new, wrapped and sealed in Apple packaging. Plugged it in and turned it on and let it go. Absolutely no problems, it was automatic and wonderful to have the computer set itself up. Has performed flawlessly as expected of an Apple laptop."
988,"The laptop arrived in fair condition.  The screws show signs of wear so it may have been opened up during the ""renewal"" process.  Old stickers were left on the bottom. Also, the laptop was shipped with a cheap knockoff Chinese charger.  I have no reason to trust this charger so I'll have to order a genuine Apple one instead.Fortunately I don't need this machine to be a workhorse or I would send it back.  This should survive a year at least but I don't trust it as-is - I will wipe the hard disk, NVRAM, and SMC just to be safe."
989,Product was faulty. The charging port wouldn't hold the plug. I returned it. I don't think the refurbishing process is very competent.
990,"This is exactly like the MacBook I was given for work that was stolen on a plane flight. No problems with this as a replacement so far, smooth sailing for 3 months already! I got the protection plan just in case, but I'm very satisfied with this cheaper than new replacement. Will update if there are any issues that arise. Would recommend."
991,"Idk what I was thinking not having an apple in the first place. This laptop is very easy to use, fast, and I’m excited to see how productive I can be with this format. I feel free, nothing holding me back now!! Unlike old pc with unresponsive interface, slow speeds, and constant crashes, this one gives me no problems!!"
992,This laptop was literally like brand new out of the box. So far my daughter is so thrilled with her graduation gift. She is ready for college now!!!
993,"Our first ever Mac but so far its been quite impressive. It was easy to setup and get it going. It works well and very easy to use, turn on/off, carry around and day to day life. Wish the battery would last a bit longer."
994,"BUYER BEWARE!I knew by choosing a refurbished computer, I was taking a risk, but I never expected this. When I received this MacBook Air, I was surprised it was the model Apple stopped making in 2017, since the title said “Newest Version.” I emailed the seller and they said Amazon forced that in the title and told me I could return it. I work full time, am in grad school, and have three kids. I figured with it being an Apple it would last long enough to get me through school, so I kept it. Now, six months later the screen won’t turn on. It’s completely black.I am able to connect to an external monitor and use the computer that way, so I know it’s the display. After trying to adjust the brightness, several resets, resetting the SMC and the PRAM, I called Apple Support. They ruled out all software issues and told me it had to be the hardware.At this point I contacted the seller and they basically told me “sorry, it’s outside of the 90 day window so there’s nothing we will do for you.” I have escalated to Amazon trying to get some kind of resolution. They just confirmed there is nothing they are willing to do for me. They also are not doing anything to penalize the seller, All Out Apple. I'm shocked at Amazon. Shady sellers like All Out Apple will always be around, but I really thought Amazon was better than Ebay in that way. Lesson Learned.There is no reason a MacBook Air should have a display of a completely stops functioning after six months of use, even refurbished. I’m grateful that I had a work-provided monitor I can plug into to do my schoolwork, but if I was aiming to be tethered to my desk, I would have bought a Mac Mini."
995,"Got the computer two days early! this was probably the fastest delivery I've ever received from amazon. I wasn't going to buy refurbished but I really wanted another MacBook and shelling out $2k for a new one was simply out of the question. When I saw the price for this MacBook Air, I decided to roll the dice and buy it. I knew it could possibly come not as advertised, such as having scratches or not being updated as far as software is concerned but when I opened it up it was practically BRAND NEW! set up was simple as can be! only took me 5 minutes to sign in with my Apple ID and all my information was synced between my iPhone and iPad and onto the MacBook Air. There were a few minor scratches less than a couple centimeters on the bottom of the computer nothing that noticeable. the charger doesn't stick as well as I'd like and one of the hinges is half broken off but I've that same issue with practically every MacBook I've ever had. I was really surprised with the quality. it said 2017 version but with all the updates and new iterations its hard to gauge which MacBook your getting I thought I was purchasing a much older MacBook Air than what I got this thing is amazing and the 13 in screen is far larger than I expected it to be feels like a 15 or 17 in display when having it in your hands/ the computer itself is incredibly light, the main reason I chose the air you can carry it in anywhere with one hand and hardly feel it definitely much lighter than my 2020 iPad 11"" All in all if you're on a budget, this computer is the way to go! for $400 its practically brand new and runs like a dream! thanks amazon for this incredible refurbished Mac! love it !"
996,"I don’t what to think I bought 2017 16gb 256 ssd but I received a refurbished 2019 8g 256 perfectly packaged, I can’t put apple care I already call for that but im not sure to keep it because I want a computer of 16of ram but this one is 2019, im gonna give the chance to see how it works, And it cost me the same price of a refurbished 2019 Of apple but those ones you can put apple care"
997,"hola, soy de peru. Estoy contento con la compra, la compre por el precio, y me llego tal cual las especificaciones.(late2018,2.3gz,8ram,256ssd). la bateria llego con 350 ciclos aproxen cuanto a lo estetico, tenia pequeños arañones en un costado, pero nada grave, la pantalla intacta y el touchbar ok. el cargador sellado oem.califico la compra como 9/10."
998,Got a few months out of this before the screen started disappearing intermittently. Then it wasn't so intermittent. I'd have much rather spent the extra money to get a new computer that didn't break than to buy something second-hand and have to decide to repair or replace.
999,"Considering I was 100% ripped off, I would not recommend you purchase from this seller, I did not receive what I wanted, the serial number for a COMPUTER comes up as an iPhone 11... Just.. No."
1000,This computer was working fine and all of a sudden the screen went out.  Cost me $640 to fix it.
1001,"Delivery was super fast, considering I’m in South Africa. The laptop is simply beautiful, woks well, no complaints, I love it."
1002,"Positivo, EXCELENTE EQUIPO!!!"
1003,So far this was a steal. Great product for a great value.
1004,super machine
1005,The space key and some of the keys were not working As they are supposed to. Really sticky
1006,"Arrived, boxed well with balloon cushions. Power adapter looked clean but had scratches. Opened up the Lid of the MacBookPro and it looked like it had some sort of disease or cancer & it smelled quite strange too. It had over 50% battery so I carried on with a reset which resulted in an error. Luckily it booted back into Yosemite OS that it had installed years ago, after 3 failed attempts managed to update to Mojave. Of course first things first copy music etc onto, USB stick struggled to go in either of the USB Ports (look at the photos) was also stuck after insertion but managed to pull out, with a hard pull - full force - anger. Had a look into the ports and discovered they were literally rusted dirty like disgusting, this is not the definition of Refurbished - but 2nd Hand or Heavily Used. Be aware, set your expectations right in oder to avoid any disappointments."
1007,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I was super stoked upon arrival, began setting up the laptop and within minutes the screen stopped working. Literally pixels. Severely disappointed. I have gotten ahold of kanga and they are working to replace the device but it has now been over a week since I’ve purchased the unit with two day shipping and still have nothing to show for it. I hope they come through on their end and send me a functional unit."
1008,"I've only had it for about a week now and this 2015 MacBook Pro is working phenomenally! I was kinda hesitant buying a refurbished MacBook from Amazon, but I can honestly say I'm go glad I went ahead and did. It came extremely fast and right from opening the box, it was as if I had bought a brand new one right from Apple themselves. There's not a scratch, dent, stain, dust or anything on it. So far it's working extremely well and I will definitely buy form this seller in the future and recommend them to others as well! Great price for a great computer."
1009,"I’ve had this MacBook Pro going on 4 days and so far so good! It has met all my expectations and more. I grew up using windows PCs. This is my first Apple computer and I’m happy to have made the transition. Wish I did this long time ago but better late then never. If it wasn’t for the packaging and not being in the original box, I probably wouldn’t be able to tell this was refurbished. This is just based from my experience using MacBooks at the Apple store. Also, there was a few minor scratches on the bottom of the laptop.I will revise and change review in a month if any problems. But as of now, my review above is how I feel."
1010,"I've only had it for a couple days, but so far this is a great purchase. The thing looks brand new, and I know it isn't. I am replacing an older Mac and just can't afford the prices of new machines from Apple. Using Migration Assistant (an app that comes with Macs) I was able to restore a time machine backup from the old machine, so I've lost nothing in the transition."
1011,"When I ordered this product for the first time, it came with a green line on the screen. I contacted the costumer service, they responded very quickly and replaced it.The second computer came with better specs, I was the happiest person... for 2 months though, the computer suddenly stop responding.Other things that are worth saying:- The charger is generic. A generic charger can easily damage the battery of the computer, that could explain my problem.- The second computer they sent, had a sticker that covered the whole low part of the computer (those stickers that are the same color as the computer and are used to cover up very big scratches.Conclusion: they can deliver a great costumer service, but not a working product."
1012,"The macbook pro only worked for a short while. It had a charging/powering problem - wouldn't keep a charge at first, then wouldn't power on even when plugged in. Confirmed it was not a charger issue.I contacted the company who said to send it back for repair. Once they received it they wrote saying it cannot be fixed and charged me a ""restocking fee"" in the amount of the purchase of the laptop. Outrageous!! I even had a protection plan for it. After numerous interactions they refused to help and returned the laptop without telling me. THEN they said they couldn't do anything in terms of a refund because I had the machine. Months later they refuse to resolve it and amazon can't help me because it's a third party seller. An ABSOLUTE JOKE of a company. I'm out over $500.00 with a computer that can't be fixed - and Apple store said they could try but for more than the computer's worth. So yeah. They have my money and I have nothing.DO NOT BUY from these people if you'd like to keep your money."
1013,"Hey all! So I’ve gotten into photography lately and needed a upgrade from my old 2012 MacBook Pro and 2011 Asus laptops for editing. Figured a 2015 model would be the way to go for a decent upgrade without spending tons of money. I was super skeptical about buying a reconditioned one through Amazon after reading the reviews and thought about it for about 4 hours before I made the transaction. Next day it was at my door step with me a bit nervous about opening the package and seeing a beat up MacBook, I opened the box and the MacBook was in a bubble wrapped sleeve and that’s it. Okay I’m fine with that but what was the condition of it? Looks like it barely got used or the previous owner always had a case on it. Outside from a few nicks here and there it’s flawless. Turns on and is super quick, the Retina display is beautiful and definitely enjoyable to watch movies. It came with Mojave so the first thing I did was update it to Big Sur and it’s still flawless. I’ve only had it for a day if that but so far I’m happy with my purchase. Just be mindful yours may or may not be like mine condition wise I got lucky. Should you buy one of these? I would I’m pleased with my purchase and I’m sure you would be too. But I’ll update with any issues if they come up in the future. Thankfully I’m a bit tech savvy so whatever happens I’m sure I can fix it."
1014,"This of course this is an old model and reconditioned/renewed, so I was expecting it to look somewhat used; however, this MacBook Pro is in PERFECT CONDITION as if I had purchased it new. I'm upgrading from a very heavy and slow 2009 white MacBook that's a dinosaur and I could only do very basic things on it. It has almost zero capability in terms of battery life (it could only be used plugged in) so this laptop is an absolute gem in comparison. This might be why I'm so hyped and elated. Plus the price was very good. *I hope the computer doesn't have some sudden glitch and dies on me...lol!Now, I can finally edit my videos in iMovie, which was not working on the old MacBook, because I couldn't update it anymore. I need this laptop mainly for traveling, to do editing work, I have a 2 monitor PC set-up at home. My only wish is that I could transfer my Adobe CS to the new laptop.SIDE NOTE: it's actually overall a little smaller than my old 13"" (screen size is the same), it's not as heavy, but not as light as the Air; it arrived with Catalina iOS installed and I had to upgrade to Monterey to use the newest version of iMovie - this isn't a complaint, just an observation."
1015,"I bought for my mom, great deal (sort-of), works great (after I deleted 2 mysterious old unknown wifi connections)I bought this for my mom, she was always having Windows problems, viruses disguised as virus removal, scammy pop-ups, and so on.  Happy day!  :DThey raised prices during Prime Day, wth?  I thought I was getting a good deal, but afterward I noticed the price went down.  Anyway, I ordered this for my mom.  She's been using Windows and I wanted her to experience a Macbook Pro.  This one is actually even better than mine!  I'm still happily using a Late 2013 2.4 Ghz 8 RAM 256 GB 13-inch Retina, her's is exactly the same except it's a Early 2015 and it's actually got 2.7 Ghz!  Anyway she seems really happy with it.  I set it up for her, and ran the serial number, which was not found, not surprisingly although I'm not sure what that means, and the update page in the App Store looks like it was coded in 1995, so I'm not sure what's up with that.  Could be something funky going on, but all I know is it works and we're happy with it.  She's getting used to using it, and she says it's fast and smooth.  She was getting tired of all the Windows updates and virus stuff and all the spammy popups telling her to purchase a virus disguised as virus removal, yadda yadda yadda, so I am well-pleased that she is now almost a full-blown Mac-head.  Thanks Apple.  I hope to be able to afford an Apple car when they do come out, haha.  I'm not sure about the battery-life yet, but I HAD TO replace the battery on mine, so replacing it on hers should not be a problem."
1016,It’s just one continuous problem after the other with this computer. It’s really not worth it to save a little bit of money just buy new not refurbished have your warrantee you’re better off in the long run.
1017,For this being my first ever Mac- This was an amazing buy... no scratches or dents. Its basically BRAND NEW. 😝😝😝The only thing is that it says 512gb but the space says 256gb so be wary of that.But other than that I am really happy with my purchase.
1018,Good
1019,Love it
1020,"the product arrived with the screen broken. I would like a refund of $ 400 to repair it, since he is now in Brazil."
1021,So happy with this purchase. Even my kids said it looks like the new ones. Has some minor imperfections but at the cost totally acceptable. Would definitely purchase from this seller again.
1022,"I purchased through amazon this m1 chip 512 gb 8ram macbook pro 2020 year manufacture.  I’m a mac user of many years.  The computer is blazing fast, slim, light with great battery life. A huge bonus—-little need for additional  anti virus add on software since the macbook anti virus platform is very solid. A hidden gem when you buy any apple device is phenomenal tech telephone support.  The advisors at the apple stores and by telephone are the best part of the apple experience for me and even rival the devices they sell. Yes, I hate the high prices and know the game but over time I’ve  accepted their price points because of the incredible tech support."
1023,battery would not take any charge  stuck at 1%
1024,"I cannot believe the condition my Macbook is in, you can’t even tell if it’s used and the packaging was very nice and professional with the white box and wrapped just like it is when you get it directly from Apple. I am super happy with my purchase, thanks Amazon."
1025,"Good, but it is a little small.. easy to control. Recommend if you are hard to control your computer"
1026,Computer will not charge.
1027,"""Refurbished"" even though Battery life was non existent from the startup, always check the reviews on laptops to make sure they have over 200, cause then you won't be played by greedy ass people like I was"
1028,"Minor scratches , for the price reduction is a great buy !!!"
1029,Light weight
1030,"El producto reacibdiocionado en muy buen estado, funciona perfectamente y venía totalmente protegido y embalado. Muy satisfecho con la compra"
1031,"Looks and acts brand new. Everything exactly as advertised. Will update if I have any issues but after a week I can say, I am pleasantly surprised!"
1032,"This is an unusually large advance over previous models, especially in raw computing power, but also in fun things like screen and headphone support.This Amazon listing has two different processors, the M1 Pro (listed as 16-Core GPU ""style"") and the M1 Max (32-Core GPU). I'll call one the Pro, the other the Max. I got the base Pro, but much of what I'll say applies to both, and I'll have some comments specifically about the Max too. (MBP below = MacBook Pro.)Amazon doesn't offer most of the options you can get, only the ones listed. For now (and probably later), that's the Pro with 16GB RAM and 512GB or 1TB SSD, or the Max with 32GB RAM and 1TB SSD. 3 versions total.Screen Brightness* and HappinessThis screen can get up to 1600 nits brightness and can sustain full-screen brightness up to 1000. That's very impressive, as MBPs since 2016 have topped out at 500.*But the vast majority of the time, this screen will also top out at 500, because those other numbers are only for HDR (high dynamic range, what Apple calls XDR), i.e. some videos and some photos viewed in some programs. If you're browsing the internet, using productivity apps, or the like, those are almost all SDR (standard dynamic range). You'll be seeing them at the same brightness as with MBPs for the last five years.That said, the new screen is beautiful and bright in both HDR and SDR for most situations. For HDR, it puts out more color and brightness, and darker blacks - a million-to-one contrast ratio - with a wider range of light and color that has more pop and more detail in shadows and highlights. It can be dazzling or just more realistic.For SDR, it's much like before, still a gorgeous screen, with better contrast than before because of darker blacks.Has more pixels per inch (254, up from 226), and more pixels all over (3456 by 2234, up from 3072 by 1920). The aspect ratio remains 16:10 (not counting the top menu bar).ProMotionProMotion is Apple's name for screen refresh rates that can go up to 120Hz, or lower to save processor/battery power when 120 isn't needed. This makes motion smoother, more natural.For now where ProMotion applies is limited. Most scrolling in browsing, including with Safari, still tops out at 60Hz. Which is fine for me, but it bothers some people, looks choppy to them. This could be changed with a software update.Bloom and GhostsBloom is when a bright spot on a dark background bleeds out past where it's supposed to be, a common issue with this kind of screen. I and most others think this screen handles it well (better than the iPad Pro), but it can still arise some.Ghosting is when a moving object leaves a noticeable trail of ghost images behind for a fraction of a second, one for each new frame until the old image fades. MBPs are notoriously mediocre at this kind of ghostbusting, and this screen is no exception. Expect the usual haunting, if you notice that kind of thing.PWMFor those concerned (you mostly know who you are), there is PWM (pulse-width modulation) on the smaller 14"" version of this screen, and so very likely on this one too, at a frequency of 14,880Hz at all brightness levels (measured by NotebookCheck). That's a very high frequency, considered well beyond what would cause trouble for the susceptible.The NotchAs you can see in the main photo here, there's a black Notch at the top of the screen. There are no pixels there. The long-desired improved camera is there, and a mic array and light sensor (and maybe room for a Face ID system if they decide to make MBPs with that). As with the iPhone Notch, it's controversial.You can make the Notch disappear, or rather blend in, if you make the background up there black. It also disappears into the black bars when you view things like videos in full-screen mode.The cursor disappears into the Notch if you put it there. If an app has menu items that stretch there, they disappear too, but they'll still function normally if you put the (invisible) cursor on them.Desperate times call for desperate measures. Most apps won't have this trouble, but if you must, you can avoid menu items disappearing by using the ""Scale to fit"" function, which shrinks the entire screen work area a little to fit below the Notch. Makes it look like an old 15"" if the background is black, like there are wide black bezels. (Google ""Scale to fit below built-in camera"" for full instructions and mockery.)There are also third-party apps, such as Bartender, to manage how items appear in the menu bar and keep them visible.Camera and MicsThe new camera that, along with the thinner bezels, makes the Notch necessary, is 1080p, with an f/2 lens for good exposure in the shadows. Video looks noticeably better than before, though it can have a processed look.The three mics sound very clean and natural but with a little less bass than before to my ears, which is fine.Extra ScreensYou can use two external monitors with the Pro, down from four with previous models. They can be up to 6K @60Hz with a billion colors. The Max can still use four: three 6K and one 4K, all @60Hz etc.You can use 4K @120/144Hz HDR monitors too.You can run two from one port if you use the right kind of dock or daisy-chain.Headphone OomphThe new headphone jack has more power for high-impedance headphones. It automatically adjusts, so it won't overwhelm low-impedance phones. If the headphones have less than 150 ohms impedance, they get 1.25 volts RMS. If more, 3 volts. That might cause it to fail to provide enough power to some not-so-high-impedance headphones that still require extra power, such as planars.With my 2016 15"" MBP, I've had to use a portable amp for my Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pros (250 ohm), but now I can pretty well do without it, though sometimes only just. The volume on some sources is still not always what I wish I could make it. But now I can nearly achieve hearing loss with the intro to the guitar riff in ""Money for Nothing."" Which also sounds good, and healthier, a couple notches down.Among other headphones that have tested favorably with the new jack are the DT 990 Pros (250 ohm), and the Sennheiser HD650, 660S, 6XX, and HD800 (150 to 300 ohm).One report says the planar Hifiman HE4XXs (35 ohm planar) sound good, but most planars tested are said to need more power. The Audeze LCD-2Cs are reported to sound good enough, though not their best. The LCD-3s and Hifiman Sundaras and Aryas are said to be underpowered.For my usual regular-impedance phones, Cleer Flow IIs (16 ohm), the wired volume is a little louder than before, though still not always the earsplitting barrage I want for some sources. Maybe for the best.Quality iems (in-ear monitors) that require especially clean input, but not too much, reportedly sound good, including Andromedas and Moondrop Starfields.SpeakersThey're improved from the already laptop-leading speakers from earlier MBPs, with a fuller sound and decent kick, amazingly good for when nothing with a 3"" woofer is around.Apple mysteriously says the 14"" M1 has the same speaker system, but looking inside both machines shows the speakers in the 16"" are bigger - both ""subs"" and tweeters - and located differently, with the subs in the front corners on this one. The 16"" has fuller bass (such as it is).Heat and NoiseThere isn't any.None with my typical use, at least. If you push it hard, it can get warm, but not as hot as my 2016 15"". Which makes sense, as this has a larger enclosure, bigger fans, larger, better heat sinks, and more power-efficient processors. The fans don't have to spin up as much to do the same amount of cooling, so it's noticeably quieter even when it does heat up, rarely makes any noise at all.The 16"" Max comes with a larger heat sink than the 16"" Pro, so likely runs a little cooler and quieter sometimes, though the Max might get hotter when it uses a lot of that extra power.KeyboardVery quiet, much like the older Mac laptop keyboards, not the butterfly ones from 2015-19, but the rest. Maybe less travel in the keys than some of those, but plenty for me.I miss the touch bar sliders for fine control of some functions, but you can still use sliders via the Control Center, the icon next to the date on the screen's top menu bar. That's also where control of the keyboard backlight is, no more control for it on the keyboard.TouchpadThe best available by far, responsive and large so you can carry the cursor over a large area with more control. For clicks, it's great. For taps, which I turn off, it's not as great, according to those who prefer that - appears to be a software issue.PortsThere's one less Thunderbolt/USB-C port than before, but 50% more bandwidth (3 controllers instead of 2).The HDMI is 2.0, can drive up to 4K HDR @60Hz.The SD card reader is shallow, so the cards stick out. There might be room for a flush micro-SD adapter. I only have cards up to 64GB, which work fine. Some people have had trouble reading some cards, so it may be finicky.Battery LifeI usually keep plugged in, but the reviews I've seen that cover battery life tests typically say it's the longest of any similar machine they've tested, including PCs. Reports of battery life for office work, browsing, watching videos, and so on generally range from 10 to 16 hours, sometimes more. It can go unusually long with heavy use too, 5 hours or more of video work, for example. Max Tech did 10 benchmark and stress tests with it in a couple hours, some maxing out the CPU or GPU for up to ten minutes, and it still had 36% left.At normal settings, there's no performance hit until you get down to 3%; until then you can process or game at full tilt. There's a low-power mode that extends battery life by limiting performance, lowering screen brightness, etc. The Max also has a high-power mode, but it seems to only ramp up the fans sooner to help cooling. Apple's description and tests in reviews indicate it doesn't affect performance in any direct way.The Max has tended to have a little less battery life than the Pro in reviews. The only good tests I've seen that compared directly either found negligible differences or up to 15% less battery life for the Max. (Other tests haven't been well controlled.)You can quick charge to 50% in a half-hour. The new power brick is 45% more powerful than before, and maybe 30% larger lengthwise, still small for what it does. You can charge at lower speed with smaller bricks (not included) via the USB-C ports.Size and WeightIt's noticeably heavier than before, about 5 ounces over the previous 16"", and not quite as sleek, but it's sleeker than I was expecting from the photos.RepairabilityHa ha! But really, it's better than it was. Battery modules now have pull tabs so they can be more easily replaced. The screen can be replaced more easily, but if Apple doesn't do it you lose True Tone (which I don't want anyway). The headphone, Thunderbolt and MagSafe ports can be replaced without replacing the logic board. Now rates a 4/10 from iFixit for repairability, up from 1/10 for the previous model.CompatibilityComes with Rosetta 2, which enables M1 Macs to use programs written for Intel Macs, and usually works very well.There's no more Boot Camp, so to run Windows or Windows programs you have to use third-party software like Parallels, which runs Windows by emulating a Windows machine (and requires a Windows license), or Crossover, which modifies Windows programs to run on Macs.  Which works best, or at all, depends on the program.GamingWoW *mostly* runs 50 to 120fps at high settings and resolution, depending on the location. Some places can't even manage 50 at those settings, though, but do OK at more compromised settings. Baldur's Gate 3, Diablo III, CS:GO and several others can run at 60-100fps or better at good settings.You can play Windows games via Parallels or Crossover. They generally don't run as well, but some do fine.Most games, including native ones, run quite a bit better on the Max, with up to 2x the fps. Final Fantasy XIV is hit and miss at good settings even with the Max.Gaming isn't usually hot or noisy, can get warmer with light fans for the games that aren't running natively. And there's no noticeable performance hit for gaming on battery.WorkI have to mention the less fun part: how well this does things you might have to do at work. It does almost all of it better than before, much of it way better. Here's how it compares according to actual test results from numerous sources with Xcode, Logic Pro, Lightroom, Blender, Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, and so on. The range of comparison depends on what the task is.Previous base MBP 16"" (Intel i7 AMD 5300): The Pro is 60% to several times faster.Previous top-spec'd MBP (i9 5600M): The Pro is about the same to 2 or 3 times faster.Regular M1 machines (not M1 Pro or Max): The Pro is about the same to several times faster.The 14"" M1 Pro with same specs: The same, though the 16"" has the bigger battery and heat removal system, so it fares better in those ways.Windows laptop work stations: This is complicated, but the Pro can thrash most Windows laptops in most intensive work-related apps. It lines up very roughly with machines with a good i7/i9 and an RTX 3070, but generally can't keep up with the RTX 3080. The Pro uses a fraction of the power, and so only produces a fraction of the heat and noise, if any. And lasts and performs much better on battery.Pro vs MaxThe Max is about the same to twice as fast as the Pro, mostly between those extremes. The CPU is much the same, but the GPU is double the cores, so the main advantage is in graphics-heavy work.Besides the GPU cores, the Max has twice the bandwidth for memory transfer, two hardware video encode engines instead of one, and some extra cooling capacity.If you're already successfully using a Mac laptop, you don't *need* the Max, since the Pro is already better than what you have. But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from the Max's extra power if you have the money. For intensive video editing, massive photo editing, or better gaming (though cheaper Windows machines will play most games better), the Max has real advantages.To confuse things a little more, Apple (but not Amazon currently) also offers a demi-Max with a 24-core GPU, halfway between the Pro's 16 and the Max's 32. It's a cheaper way to get the extra bandwidth, video encoder, and cooling advantages of the Max. Tests show that in graphics-intensive tasks it operates roughly midway between the Pro and 32-core Max, often more than half, as expected.WarrantiesThis comes with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects that includes free phone support for the first 90 days. If you want to also cover accidental damage (with deductibles) and extend the regular warranty and free tech support to 3 years, you can buy 

AppleCare+ from Amazon

   (link embedded) or Apple. You get 60 days from purchase to buy it, but coverage for accidents doesn't start until you do. (I always self-insure when I can, so I didn't get it.)DecalsLast and least, this comes with two black Apple decals, the sign of true professional Apple equipment."
1033,Out of the box unusable for me. This MacBook Pro does not have any USB ports to be able to restore from a previous Mac back up that’s on an external drive. You must buy an adapter. Since I live in a remote area I’d have to order online and wait. You cannot even plug a iPhone12 Pro Max directly into it. The only ports it has are thunderbolt. So even Apple’s own lighting connector needs an adapter. The keyboard is a downgrade from the old keyboard. Solid black plastic instead of plastic keys surrounded by aluminum which were easier to see. Had to call Apple support to download an update because there is no reset option in the System Preferences of OS Monterey. And the update did not work to give it that option. Will have to figure out a different option to remove my account and information to return it. This particular MacBook is defective I believe.
1034,I ordered the 2021 16 inch right away as I knew they would probably sell out fast. I had to make sure I had one for my trip I am leaving on soon.  As soon as I opened it the screen would never come on.  Thought maybe it needed charging so I tried that.  Still nothing but a black screen.  It kept making the sound when you open it up even when it was closed over and over again.  I took it to the local Apple Store hoping I could get some answers.  They tired to get it to work and could not either.  They said it is very strange and maybe something happened to it during shipping.  They said since it is brand new it would be best to get my money back from Amazon.  I thought maybe I could just exchange it before my trip but the one I ordered is out of stock.  I will try the 14 inch and see if I like it compared to the size of the 16 inch since it is in stock.  This is a first MacBook Pro I have ever purchased and now I am a bit nervous.
1035,"Here are the temperature results for the new cool MacBooks compared to the old overheating intel ones. 91 degrees for the old one near the processor, and 74 degrees on the new ones. Both had been running for hours transferring files nonstop. Amazing. I have been editing video, transferring large files and not once have the fans kicked on. Makes me want to cry."
1036,"Finally, this 2021 MacBook Pro cured my depression!"
1037,Arrived DOA - wouldn’t start up. Spent hours on the phone with Apple support and still wouldn’t start. Returned - c’mon man!
1038,"This laptop is unbelievably fast. Between the screen, battery life, and performance, this laptop is head and shoulders better than any competition."
1039,My first ever MacBook. Switched over from PC and I can't believe I didn't switch sooner! On the pricer side but I'm super happy with my purchase!
1040,"I have been using my MacBook Pro from 2014 for work until last week when I finally purchased this MacBook Pro. My old MacBook starts up and works as fast as the day I bought it. The only reason I bought a new MacBook was because the battery life was getting low. I probably could have just bought a new battery and it would have been fine.That being said, I did hold out for this MacBook because Apple brought back the ports that I needed. I use the HDMI and SD ports daily. An Ethernet port would have been nice but that’s asking too much. This MacBook has a 2 day battery life and is blazing fast. I use Adobe programs and this MacBook doesn’t even blink when I do live editing. Best laptop I have ever used.I own a business that uses many PC laptops and a couple MacBooks. A PC will never last as long as a MacBook. And, a PC ALWAYS gets slower after 6 months of use. The price is high but you can buy a new PC every 2 years or a MacBook every 7 years."
1041,"Coming from a 2019 16in, I feel that this generation is 2 steps forwards, 1 step back.Pros:-Fans are never audible even under full extended load!  This was my #1 issue with my 2019 mac which would have constant fan noise with 2 monitors.-2x battery life-Better screen especially in dark environment or a dark subject-Extremely fast for certain workloads such as video editing and code compilation.-magsafe is back (although I personally don't care for it)-most apps work normally with rosetta emulation, but may have some stutter.Cons:-thicker and SIGNIFICANTLY heavier.-Screen has a notch which is very distracting for me.-Still has some compatibility issues.-Terrible for games.  Only a few titles are supported natively.  I only tested league of legends(uses rosetta emulator), but it was choppy and 1/3 the fps of my 2019 intel macbook.- +$300 base price even though they got rid of intel.-The area I feel apple has made a major misstep is with ports.  I couldn't care less for SD card or HDMI, but everyone who buys this is going to need USB-A.  It's ridiculous that I still have to bring a dongle everywhere just to use my mouse but these ports I never/rarely use are back.Also some developer related tools/libraries aren't working.C# debugger is totally unsupported for example.  Anything that requires gpu hardware acceleration (pytorch) is unlikely to ever be supported in any usable form.  Linux dual boot is unsupported or in early experimental stages.  I also had issues building/running java projects natively, but no issues with rosetta.If you're looking to buy this for an undergrad program, it's probably workable.  However, I'd suggest saving some $ and getting a used mac or windows machine.  Professional devs will be aware of their specific requirements, but I suspect many will need to keep a secondary x86 machine for the foreseeable future."
1042,"I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13"" MacBook Pro to the 14"" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13"" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14"" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1"" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13"" model, but smaller than the 16"". I had a 16"" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14"" and 16"" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the ""form factor"" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the ""MacBook Pro"" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14"" and 16"" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13"" had the M1 chip and now my 14"" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13"" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27"" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13"" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14"" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max."
1043,"I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this."
1044,"M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about ""the notch"" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks ""sharp"" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks."
1045,"I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?"
1046,sent me base model
1047,"I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connects"
1048,"I never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it."
1049,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!"
1050,"This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the ""affordable"" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy."
1051,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Sheeeese! What can I say? Apple has done it again 🤪😍 magnificent piece of device I must say."
1052,"I pulled the trigger on this thing hoping that the bad reviews were wrong.. some of the comments saying it came dirty and defective definitely gave me pause however, what arrived today was practically a brand new macbook. the device does not show any signs of wear and the battery cycle count is 18, it came with the original power brick and while the cable was used, it was not worn or dirty in any way. While i've only just started using the device about an hour ago, I can tell you that it's speedy and works flawlessly... had I not known it was a refurb when buying it, I would have easily confused it for a brand new mbp.. for those asking, this is a 2017 macbook pro and the specs as quoted are accurate. i'll play around with this thing for a little while and update this review as needed, but so far this looks like a winner!***update***A few months in and it’s still working flawlessly. I don’t regret my purchase for one second, and neither should you!"
1053,This is not a 256GB MacBook Pro- they are falsely advertising it as such and then shipping buyers 128GB versions.
1054,"Came in used and dirty, and it was not even turn off, I'm gonna return it. So disappointed."
1055,"Wow. I cant say enough how happy I am with this laptop! I it arrived early, and for a refurbished computer I swear it doesn't have a scratch, dent, smudge or single flaw anywhere on it! Its fast, the battery is great, its working perfectly! I couldn't be happier with this thing!"
1056,"Was excited to receive it and on the outside it had one noticable chip in the case on the cover side (which had a sharp edge to it), but thought that isn't too bad.  But when opening it up the screen in both the top left and top right were broken/chipped/cracked like it had been dropped and they replaced the cover, but not the screen.  This was not acceptable.  Wanted to try it out and ended up learning that some of the keys did not work right (sticky, pushed strange and such), plus the touchpad/mouse was really strange and didn't seem to work correctly.  Too many issues out of the box for me and too concerned that there might be other issues from where it looked to have been dropped and such.  Sending it back and just started that process.  So far the return seems ok....but just hate that the product does not match the description...using their words ""Renewed products work and look like new""."
1057,"I ordered the space gray with 256 gb of ram and received a silver with 128gb.  I knew this could happen as the picture did not match the description and I had seen other similar reviews.The good news is it was on time and in flawless condition.  I think I will stick with it and not press my luck, as it is still a fair price and a great machine, but beware."
1058,"I have to admit, I don't typically write reviews and I was a little hesistant about the product due to some 1 to two star reviews. The space gray model not only is at a great price, it came to me brand new. With all the specs I was expecting, i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD, and works like a dream. Battery life is great, setting up was easy, and all my Apple Products (iPhone, Apple watch, Earpods) synced with no issues. I'm not sure as to why there were so many negative reviews, but mine is not one of them. SO HAPPY!! I truly recommend."
1059,the battery is dead
1060,"This product arrived quickly and looked great.  There have been multiple glitches with the power switch and with the screen ever since it's arrival.  Most of the time the power button would require multiple attempts to push before the computer would power up.  When the computer woke from sleep state (opening lid after its been closed for at least fifteen minutes) the screen would be black and then all pixelated.  Most recently, the computer wouldn't even turn on, when it finally did, it was all reset and all the settings were reset.  I lost everything I had put on the computer over the past day.  The seller still hasn't gotten back to me after email and I left a voice message.  I have now initiated a return as I want my money back.  It would have been nice if they had gotten back to me ASAP when I emailed or when I called (during normal hours of operation, by the way) and it went to voicemail.  The fact that they didn't and the computer kept coming up with other issues.  I now will buy a new one.  The value is not there with the aggravation generated."
1061,"Multiple reviews mentioned getting devices with used batteries, screen issues, etc.My laptop arrived through FedEx Express with questionable packaging. But everything was intact and fine. The laptop still had the plastic wrapped around it as MacBooks directly from Apple do, even with the screen cover. Only 3 battery cycles out of the box, with a new charger in the box. I am very satisfied with the purchase although in the Q&A section of this product someone mentions that this is a 2018 model, its not, its a 2017 (At least the one I received.) which for me isn't really a big deal since it arrived in exceptional condition. Highly recommend this MacBook."
1062,I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA. But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable. Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at home and making zoom calls all the time.
1063,"Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours. Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution & bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications (With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there will be a fix soon"
1064,"UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1 MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro - and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using ""swap memory"" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful. Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/A) - 2017 12"" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020 Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017 MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful when you have many GPU intensive ""Pro Apps"" running at the same time.I would never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or the dreaded beach ball ""not responding"" issues, or if you have non-Apple programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models, it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac."
1065,"The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it with a new one."
1066,"Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well."
1067,"I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13"" and a 11, both with the previous form factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution) and this new 13"" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great!  2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and looks good with the thin black bezel.  I usually don't go above 50% brightness.- KEYBOARD is good.  Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.  Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is fantastic.  Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC), etc., it has been great.  Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.- LOOKS GREAT.  Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few years old by now) design, looks and feels great.  Form factor is nice and it is a reasonable weight.- NO FAN.  That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap.  Pretty amazing really for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE.  It works great so far on what I have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a laptop using Apple silicon for the first time.  For just day to day use and things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super smooth and fast.  Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it is the base model with 7-core GPU.  Also, things like start up are noticeably faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27"" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH ID is great still.  Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons.  On the other hand, it should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual and a real reason to get this MBA.  Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not really need Face ID if you have the watch).  You can easily send/receive files using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay.  And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still sucks.  Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams, etc.  Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27"" iMac FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS.  Sad that this thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging, DisplayPort).  Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port for other use, pretty lame.  I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH (Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g. Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery.  Easier to have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute, especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem.  Love it so far!"
1068,No complains so far.  Very fast and performs great.  I had a 2014 MacBook Air and finally upgraded this year.  This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very happy with this upgrade.
1069,"Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new Apple M1 chip.  A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this computer, I have have found several things of concern:1.  my notification center keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2.  my computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS devices (iPhone & iPad).  If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will appear on my mac but not vice versa.  Reminders will not sync regardless of which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET.  THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!"
1070,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Bought this laptop bc i needed it for spring semester and i needed an upgrade from my heavy macbook pro. I go to work too so i needed something super light and thin i can just bring everywhere and slide it in my bag.I am obsessed with how fast this macbook is. The battery life is on point. I used it for movies and series at work and it lasted for 3 days. The processor is definitely sooo good. I open so many tabs at once and it has not lagged on me. The keyboard and trackpad is responsive.I love the color. The main reason why i bought this too. 😍😂I have no problems with it at all.Highly recommend"
1071,Opened my brand new $1000++ computer and the entire screen was cracked and destroyed. Awesome! Thanks Amazon.
1072,"Delivered to me within 12 hours of purchase... Sealed in original apple packaging with protective film, blemish free, not a scratch.. Mint.its powerful, Ive already loaded some big task audio software and broadcast software on it and its flying through the multiple processes together at ease... (Logic 10.5 / Traktor DJ 3.0 / OBS)Super light and portable, If this is a MacBook Pro then I can't even imagine how light the Air models are. Nor could I even imagine why you may need something more powerful. I am having to adjust to the new keyboard and Touch Bar, I keep hitting Siri and volume settings, even as I type this.id also recommend getting a keyboard cover as well.... I hear these keyboards go out sometimes and to repair it. This is no fault to the reseller, but I can't believe Apple with their price points don't offer a bigger SSD for the lowest price point.... 128gb is laughable so be prepared to buy an external SSD along with a Thunderbolt 3 / USB-C Hub to run hdmi, and various external accessories.Overall I love this computer so far, it was a nail biter as I rarely ever shell out $1,000 on anything but I'm very pleased and satisfied with my purchase. And I still cannot find a better deal on the internet, not even used on Facebook marketplace, letgo or craigslist....Five stars"
1073,So not worth it. All they want to do is take your money do NOT BUY THIS ONE! Its used and if you search apple on amazon they have brand new with higher stats for cheaper.
1074,"Just received this, but so far so good. It looks BRAND NEW. There are literally NO signs of cosmetic wear or damage. It arrived in a sealed apple box. I’m finishing setting up and I already love it. For just under $1,200 for a 2019 model, this is a GREAT deal!"
1075,"I really love my MacBook. I really love this laptop. I'm a huge MacBook fan and this works like new. So far I don't have a problem with the butterfly keyboard, but I heard bad reviews about the keyboard from watching YouTube videos. I think that they may have fixed the keyboard problem when they refurbished the product??? I'm not sure, but honestly this a really great laptop for a really great price. I do wish that it came in the original Apple box and packaging, but it wasn't far from the really deal."
1076,"It looks and feels brand spanking new! Definitely happy with my purchase considering that I bought a brand new 2020 MacBook Air and hated it. Returned it back in 2 days. I paid a lot less for the Pro than the Air and its A LOT better with so many features. I’m not trying to persuade anyone out of getting the Air but if you are considering on buying a MacBook my advice would be to just go ahead and get the pro. The Air reminds me of a google chrome book slapped with an Apple logo on it. Not saying that google chrome books are bad, but there’s no need to pay a full band for the Air when you could find something similar and a lot cheaper. All in all I really love this laptop."
1077,"Bought this laptop with some apprehensions, as i have typically bought refurbished goods from apple directly. This was my first from amazon, and i was not disappointed. The notebook was flawless, not a single scratch on it. second, all the accessories where flawless as well, not signs of usage. When i powered on the notebook to verify usage, the battery had cycled only 3 times, meaning it was still in new condition. Very highly recommended seller. Thanks for a pleasant transaction."
1078,"This laptop looked new, straight from Apple store."
1079,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen arrived damaged, what a scam.!"
1080,"Although I was very skeptical about purchasing a ""refurbished"" MacPro, after reading the reviews for this company, I made the purchase.  The MacPro arrived earlier than expected, expertly wrapped, included Apple certified, and in NEW condition.  There is no way I could tell it was not new or refurbished.  The price was the best I could find after researching other sellers.  I would highly recommend iPower Resale Inc to anyone looking for a MacPro.  Their customer service is exceptional.  Thank you for a great product!  5*****"
1081,"When I looked at this product it only had one review and it was a bad one... I then checked all the other products the seller sold and the reviews were excellent, needless to say I took a chance and ordered this MacBook Pro 2019. It arrived before anticipated and it was securely package. I AM SO GLAD I took a chance on them because this MacBook is amazing! Now I’ve waited a couple months before reviewing it to make sure it works. The MacBook looks brand new, it didn’t have any dents or scratches. It works and performs like a new MacBook. I had to contact the seller over the a small issue with the charger and they went above and beyond to correct the issue.Excellent customer service excellent product. I recommend this seller to anyone!"
1082,"I got my new MacBook Pro M1 two weeks ago and could not be more happy with it. This machine is absolutely incredible in terms of speed, looks, weight/size, display, and battery life - and texture (it feels so good against the skin on my wrists as I type) and basically anything else you can think of. I also love the space gray color, the new keyboard, the Touch Bar, and the larger trackpad. There are so many options to customize the system to work just the way I like.My previous MacBook was the 2011 model and it still works today, but after 10 years it became too slow and the trackpad had trouble clicking, so after a TON of research, I decided to pull the trigger and get the New MacBook Pro with the M1 chip.A couple suggestions I am able to give after spending almost two months and probably over 30 hours researching the new MacBook are: go with the standard model of 8gb of RAM and the 256 ssd - you can get this on Amazon for $1239 vs $1299 at Apple - so you get to save 60 bucks, and you have the added satisfaction of not having to deal with the snobby nerd losers that work in the Apple Store, who asked me rudely when I went in to get a new laptop ""umm, do you have an appointment? Well, you're going to have to make an appointment if you want to go in the store"". I love Apple products and will never use another phone or computer besides the iPhone and MacBook, but after that experience I will never again give my business to the physical Apple Stores. I mean, seriously, do you really need me to make an appointment to buy a $1300 laptop? Whatever dude.Anyway, in several YouTube videos that compared the 8GB ram model along side the 16GB ram model (costs 200 bucks more), the 8GB performed just as well in nearly every task - and they really pushed it to the limits. The only reason to pay up for the 16GB RAM is if you want to edit 8K UHD videos or are a super serious music recording artist or highly advanced professional photographer - and even then it's not too much of a difference. For the every day user (me or basically anyone who is not a computer professional) the 8GB working with this new M1 chip is mind-blowing, blows any other laptop on the market completely out of the water, and actually even performs just as well as the $2200 15 inch MacBook Pro using the Intel chip. As far as the storage goes, 256 ssd is standard - that's what I got - and you can pay 200 bucks more for 512 ssd or 400 bucks more for 1 TB. But with the Cloud storage available now, you don't really need to keep much on the laptop drive, you can just save it to the cloud.Overall I honestly could go on for hours about every little detail that I absolutely love about this machine. A free one year subscription to Apple TV is also another little perk. But I am still mystified every day at how incredible this machine is. I've been online for over 3 hours now and its still on 92% battery. The new Retina display is brilliant. Everything is perfect. I truly am in love this laptop and would recommend that anyone looking for a new laptop to last a long time and outperform everything else on the market gets the new matchbook 13 inch M1."
1083,I bought my Mac from Apple directly not from Amazon. This thing is amazing. Battery life is awesome. Hard to believe that I can work with it all day and do not have to charge at all even with bright screen.No issues with speed at all. I use Matlab a lot and this computer is even slightly faster than my desktop with 12 core AMD CPU and 32 GB ram.Excellent machine. Happy I bought it.
1084,"I own over 50 computers and it blows away my 11th gen Dell XPS 13 i7, My surface Book 3, my Ryzen 7 Thinkpad. the first week I got it the battery lasted for 5 days and 22 hrs of use and still had 20% left. I felt guilty and charged it. The Geekbench 5 rating beat all those listed laptops and they had 16 or 32GB of memory and the MacBook Pro M1 had only 8GB of unified memory. The keyboard felt great, the sound was superb, the screen bright, and it was blazing fast in all I did. I'm an IT consultant and deal in Windows based databases and this Mac has now become my daily go to system at home. It has become my new front end."
1085,It's a Mac once you go Mac you never go back. This is my second Mac my first lasted almost 9 years.
1086,Dead at arrival.... kernel error. Took it to the Apple store they told me looks like a hardware failure and to send it back to Amazon.
1087,"I'm going to preface this review with the 1 thing I dislike so we can get that out of the way.I mean let's be honest, that's what most people are looking for when buying a product-the down sides.It has a standard 3.5mm headphone jack EVEN THOUGH apple quit using that on it's handheld products years ago.Not that I care, it's good that they include the 3.5mm jack-but how come they didn't include one for their lightning connector that their headphones come in out of the box? Forces you to either change to a standard headphone jack or BT headphones (probably trying to push their AirPods line).Other than that, I have no issues. It's fast, efficient, reliable and easy to use. If your familiar with iOS on these then it'll be a great addition to the tech team you have at home."
1088,"I love my new MacBook Pro!!  It’s the 13” and not too small. It’s very lightweight!  It’s so fast!  I was using an older MacBook Pro from mid 2012. It worked well, just so slow. This one flies!!  I was disappointed that there are no USB ports or CD player. I spent about $65 at Best Buy and got an adapter that works very well!!!"
1089,The battery lasts forever and its fast. My last macbook had a pretty good battery and worked very well for years too.The M1 does allow for dual external monitors and there are two usbc ports total. These two things can be worked around with dongles and a video hub but now I have $200 worth of accessories and a tangled mess on my desk.How is a 2020 Mac not compatible with dual monitors but my 2005 HP works great with the same monitor setup?!? I really can't get past that.Get the intel version with 4 USB ports and you can use it in your Covid home office out of the box.
1090,"There is no fix for this, and now it can't be returned.  All that money wasted!!! There is a vertical black line on the screen.  I tried to fix it using tips from youtube videos and none of it worked.  Proceed with caution!"
1091,"I really wanted to love this laptop. I've had only Macs for years. This was supposed to be an upgrade from my 2014 MacBook Air. I previously had a 2020 16"" intel based MacBook Pro for work configured with two HP monitors. No issues with the monitors and connected instantly with zero effort to get the screens to work with the laptop. Bought this one and connected to my Belkin hub for the HDMIs. Would only connect a single monitor. Googled the issue and found that the new M1 apple chip only supports a single monitor. News to me and I guess I should have researched more. However the low rating stems from the fact that this is a PRO laptop. A professional would want two monitors and should not have to google whether a PRO laptop supports more than 1 monitor when the intel version does seamlessly. Despite this I had planned to keep it and just deal with 1 monitor because of the cost savings over buying the Intel based MacBook Pro and wanted the longer battery life. Now brings me to the issue that made me return the laptop. This laptop just would not configure to show a clear resolution with my monitors. The scale was off and the display just stayed blurry no matter what setting I changed it to on the monitor or the laptop's settings. Tried and tried and just gave up. Returned this and ordered an Intel based 13"" MacBook Pro. No issues, supports dual monitors, and seamlessly integrated to the laptop. No blurry screen and no having to set or change any settings to get it to work. I am floored that Apple would produce a Pro for business that only supports a single monitor. I love Apple but will not buy anything with their chip until the kinks are worked out."
1092,This is by far the best laptop ive ever owned! The laptop came with 0 scratches and only 16 battery charges on it. It even came with the apple box and stickers! Highly reccomend for the price. $850 is great for a 2019 macbook air.
1093,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Everything I expected and more! Just like brand new!"
1094,I love this laptop so so much. I think everyone should get it. The model is between 2018-2020 and the one I got had the Touch ID on it! Everything was very easy to set up and is in such great quality!
1095,"Received in a timely manner.  Will review in a couple weeks.Well, it's been over 2 weeks since receiving my MacBook Air and I have to admit that it has proven to be worth it's price. The Retina display is phenomenal and it's compact chassis is just what I was looking for. I am not a power user, so I didn't need major memory capacity. The speakers are, surprisingly, crisp and clear for such a slim build. The fingerprint scanner is quick and a huge convenience. I am (or was) a long-time PC user and resisted getting an Apple, but the transition was smooth and Apple's claim to fame for being user-friendly and intuitive proved true. If you are looking for a compact, yet capable laptop with QWERTY keyboard, I would recommend this product."
1096,"After having the laptop a few months, I can say my leap of faith to buy an amazon refurbished was worth it BUT I had to work a little bit.  It didn't arrive perfect and it still isn't perfect.  There is a tiny white dot on the screen where some pixels died (I guess) and when I first got it, I had to call Apple support to get iMessage and Facetime to work on it.  Then I had to take it to the Apple store to get the keyboard fixed as some keys would not work.  Thankfully, I had Apple Care on it so the cost to get it shipped off and fixed wasn't bad.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I recommend this seller, but I will probably buy new next time."
1097,"** I have only had the laptop for a week, this review is only based off of the time I have had it**I was so nervous to buy a refurbished computer but this came like it was brand new. New packaging, new charger, spotless laptop. I was worried the battery would be bad and wouldn’t hold a charge. I was wrong. I downloaded over 12,000 photos and was on it nonstop for over 2 days without even having to charge it. I am in love with this!!!"
1098,"As in the description exactly, thank the seller for the fast shipping and good packaging"
1099,I love this laptop and I’m really happy with all the features. Would definitely recommend.
1100,Exactly as expected. Great value.
1101,"The product made a loud buzzing/grinding airplane-type noise as soon as it finished setting up which was truly deafening. I presume it was the fan producing this aggravating sound. No programs were running and the room was approximately 68 degrees Fahrenheit so overheating should not have been an issue. Since no computer should ever sound like a coffee maker at any time, I must conclude that it was defective. Return to sender."
1102,Exceeded my expectations! Some of the reviews had me a bit nervous but I can’t tell you how happy I am! The laptop is on almost brand new condition! Only 1 TINY nick on the front (you can’t see it unless your looking) and it was perfectly ready for me to set up my account! No issues or problems! It comes in a box perfectly protected and has the charger to go with as well👍🏼 So happy with it! Thank you!
1103,"I was so excited because this laptop came in perfect condition. But when I tried to change the unsername to my name it wouldn’t work. 3 calls to Apple later, and I find out this computer is owned by a school that can remotely access my laptop at any time. Meaning, if they wanted to they could shut down and erase my laptop. Amazon gave me a full refund but I am very sad and disappointed"
1104,"All in all, the laptop works great! It runs fast, it’s clean, and it’s perfect for what I needed it. The one disappointment I have it they claimed this product as a catagory A which means like new. When it arrived, the screen had two scratch marks on it that was discolored from the rest of the screen. I would understand like new for any other part to have a scratch, but the screen is a big deal and it should have mentioned that in the details."
1105,"This MacBook Air is amazing!  I had been previously using a 2007 MacBook Air and it was time to upgrade.  I have never purchased refurbished before so I really didn't know what to expect, though was greatly concerned.  Needless to say that this laptop heavily exceeded my expectations.  Other reviewers stated that their MacBook was not as described, though mine looks brand new.  The keys are still crisp and clean, the screen immaculate.  There are a few light scratches on the outside of the computer (mostly the underside), but it is very minimal and unnoticeable.It runs like a dream, though I have only begun using it.  I will update should the computer have any issues.  It is an early 2015 with 4 GB RAM and its OS is Sierra.  I wanted to share that, as I found the Q&A to be a little confusing on that point and other reviews didn't really mention it."
1106,"When I received this package, I was thrilled...until I tried to turn it on and got a “low battery” notification...for 16+ hours. Turns out the cord provided (not a Mac product) is not the correct wattage to charge this device. It’s hard to tell at this point if the computer is faulty or not now that I’ve purchased a new cord from Best Buy, but it shuts down as soon as it’s disconnected from power. The screen is pretty floppy, too- falls back without provocation. All of which seem like things that should have been mentioned in the details before I decided to purchase.After taking this computer to the Apple store, I was informed that the issue was indeed the battery- completely bad and had to be replaced. Again, something that I wish I had known before purchasing. It is in working order now, but doesn’t meet my standards of what “certified refurbished” means, and product details lacking for sufficient purchasing knowledge ahead of time."
1107,"It said I had to do an update. When I hit the only update allowed it said the latest version was already installed but it wouldn’t let me go foward.  Also the screen seemed loose.  So if it was cleared out they never installed the new software correctly. So it wouldn’t let me even get to the main screen.  Others had luck but I did not.Also when I plugged the power bar in. It had a bit of a shock come out. As an electrician, I know that was a big no no.  I was willing to spend the money and get the correct power cord. But with everything else. I thought that’s already 3 strikes. No thanks."
1108,I was very hesitant buying a used MacBook from Amazon but it turned out great! Looks new and works amazingly. You will receive exactly what was described. I have no complaints!
1109,"Good quality, arrived early. As-new condition. Easy to install from my old machine via time machine backup. The old one was a 2010, now we are good for another 5-7 years.Thanks"
1110,I have been struggling with this product since day one. I am not getting responses from the seller OR the extended warranty repair company.I have never had trouble with Amazon before. Every issue I have ever had has been settled with ease and courtesy.This has not. Made more devastating as it it is the largest purchase I have had and the product has been unusable almost since day one. We sent it to the extended warranty place who said they fixed it but it still doesn’t work.We have spent hours at Apple doing diagnostics and it is simply not functional. To repair it would cost more than I paid. They do not think that the parts it was refurbished with are even Apple parts.This was a terrible product and not worth the money.
1111,"I bought this Mac and it came with a non Apple charger, I bought this as travel computer, sure enough in the first week while I was in Europe I had to buy am authentic Apple charger at $117. Now a month  later my Mac has died. It was having issues as in when I tried to maximize the scene with Netflix it would just shrink to a 3x5"" screen volume,  also the screen had been replaced before I bought it and is not well attached, very disappointed, I bought this last summer, but only started to use it in October when I was traveling, so I spent close to $700 for a Mac that lasted 2 months, return and replacement window has ""closed"" so I am stuck with a hefty repair bill."
1112,"Was very iffy about buying refurbished but it’s honestly like new! There are a couple of LITTLE scratches but nothing noticeable! Compared to my friends MacBook Air that she paid 1100$ for and they are the absolute same. Best $500 I’ve ever spent. & the company is AWESOME! The charger didn’t work as soon as I got it & I emailed them. Within an hour I had an email from them and they were sending me a new charger, thankful my friend had her charger that I used until I received mine but the battery last like 2-3 days so it wasn’t that bad."
1113,"Seller: IT5050Wowie! My son wanted an Apple Computer for Christmas and I was not about to spend $1000+ on a laptop for a 11-year-old boy. But a refurbished MacBook was definitely priced more appropriate for him. This computer is AMAZING people!!! Looks so clean and new. Only a couple faint scratches on the bottom, the keyboard looks like it was hardly touched, screen is clear and no burn marks in it, plus the battery is great. The seller was so awesome to get me this gift in time for Christmas, they are quick to respond to emails and followed up to make sure it was delivered afterward. (seriously, the nicest people!) I had purchased another renewed MacBook from another seller, and their level of quality wasn’t as good, by far. I wish I could pre-select a quality grade for the laptop (excellent, good, fair, etc.), so it is a little scary just leaving it up to the unknown. I work in the retail business and I like to applaud small companies who sell quality products. Do yourself a favor and go here, they gave me a laptop that is stellar and eased my worries about a refurbished laptop. It really looks so good and is operating perfectly. This is such a smarter way to buy a computer, especially for kids, or if you like to have the pricier brands without spending the high price. – Happy Mommy!"
1114,"Wow! Bought this from TECHarvard and was claimed to be Certified Refurbished, which according to the Amazon description should show limited to no signs of wear.  Well the device that I received not only was pretty scratched on the bottom, had a huge ding on the corner of the top cover, but the keyboard showed more signs of wear than the MacBook that I've had for 5 years(Space bar was completely warped).  Definitely does not resemble a new device in any way shape or form.  If they are selling used devices, call them used and mark the price down accordingly.  This is definitely going back."
1115,"Overall the laptop is nice. A couple of marks on the outside but works relatively well. There was an issue with the battery that originally came with it. It would shut off around 65% battery life. I asked the seller for a replacement battery, which they gave to me free of charge. However, the replacement battery is not originally an Apple battery and instead a knock off. This issue prompted it to restart randomly no matter what the battery life was at. I’m putting the original battery back in and having Apple replace it with the appropriate battery for an additional fee. I got what a paid for and I won’t make the mistake of buying a refurbished Apple product from anywhere other than the Apple store again."
1116,This is the BEST purchase I’ve ever made! The laptop 💻 arrived on time and in MINT condition. It functions beautifully and works flawlessly for my personal and business needs. I would recommend this seller to any & all I know who are in the market for reliable and affordable devices.
1117,"Battery doesnt work! I travel to another country with the laptop and web I turned on and unplug it, it shuts down! And in Battery Options appears ""Replace now"". How you can help me? I'm in Ecuador now and wont be back in a year!"
1118,"I love my new MacBook Air, it came as expected (relatively like new condition). This my first Mac and I’d purchase it again refurbished, you save greatly and get almost the same product 😀"
1119,Bought certified refurbished ended up with a unit with a screen covered in dead pixels. I contacted apple to see how much a screen replacement should be more I'm looking a repair cost more than I paid for the laptop.
1120,"DO NOT BUY!!! I purchased this computer for about two month and one day I couldn’t turn it on after it goes into sleep mode for a long time. It just wouldn’t turn no matter what I do, I tried every single method out there. I had to press the power button a hundred times for it to finally turn on. But after a while even that won’t work. The computer is just dead. I had to take it to the computer store and they told me it costs $434 to fix it!!!! Even though I actually paid to get it fixed I recommend everyone do not buy!! It’s not worth the money and will cost you more!! The guy in the computer store told me that there is corrosion inside the motherboard and in order to fix it it costs a lot of money ($434). I am truly upset and wished I would have just bought a brand new one from apple that’s the newest version and which will cost me less than what I spent on this computer!!"
1121,"The laptop worked great the first week. Eventually, things started to decline and quickly.  I would constantly have to change the time clock, and that would prevent many apps from working properly or not at all. I also discovered that my webcam did not work. I asked customer service if I could get a replacement laptop, and they gave me a website to help me fix it myself. It did not work. Also, the computer would start dying very quickly, even after a full charge. I would also not start up automatically, even with the charger plugged in. I had to press to start button almost endlessly for it to just power on. Eventually, it just would not cut on at all, even with the charger plugged in. It’s completely dead. Apple says that it should cut on with the charger plugged in if it were a battery issue, so it’s definitely something wrong with it beyond that and it will cost upwards of $400 to fix. I’m totally bummed. It did not even last a year."
1122,"BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER, SHE IS 70 YEARS OLD AND BARELY USES THE LAPTOP.THE SCREEN IS IN THIS STATE, APPEARS TO BE PEELING! VERY BAD!!"
1123,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Note: My purchase was completed through Kanga Supply for this item that ultimately doesn't function as intended.Amazon Renewed item descriptions indicate that the products should work and look like new, which wasn’t the case for this purchase, ergo my poor rating. After only having the Macbook for less than a day, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the product no longer functioned as intended.CONSThe Macbook worked fine for the first hour or so of use, but during an update, the screen flickered vigorously (see video). I hoped it was just a fluke, and it led me to believe there may be some software or hardware-related issue. After having the Macbook for less than 12 hours, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the screen flickering caused the laptop to become unusable (see picture). I also came here to draft a review in hopes that my issue is resolved quickly and effectively. I'll update my review once this is complete.PROSAfter removing the laptop and inspecting the outside, I was pleased. The outside of the Macbook is in good condition, just one or two visible scratches or marks.The charger was not the original Apple charger (as other reviews have indicated) but an OEM adapter. I don’t care that much about whether it’s an Apple charger, as long as it functions.Specs match the advertised item I purchased:128GB SSD8GB ramEDIT/UPDATE: After reaching out to the seller as instructed with the Amazon Renewed products, I never got a response in the allotted timeframe (2 business days) and was forced to reach out to Amazon directly. Ultimately, this item was returned for a refund.UPDATE 2: Today is 1/13/2020 and I have still yet to see this problem resolved to my satisfaction (refund or exchange of working product), after having ordered this product on 12/26/2019. Highly disappointed both in Amazon and the third-party seller.UPDATE 3: Received a replacement Macbook on 1/15/2020. So far it seems to be working, no issues with the screen per the previous item received (was NOT the same item sent back, verified by serial number). Pleased so far with this item."
1124,"The 2015 Macbook Pro is still, in my opinion, the best Macbook even in 2019.  I use the SD card reader all the time and have several USB 3.0 devices.  I also use a newer 2017 quad-core i7 for work (no choice) but the difference in speed is not worth the added money and lacking ports.  When I actually put the newer 2017 to work, the heat issue is still a challenge for Apple and performance drops.  It's like having power that I can't actually use unless I sit in a walk-in freezer. Don't quote benchmark speed tests to me, what counts is actual performance sitting at my desk for hours at a time working on a project. I also prefer the magsafe power (although this one uses the magsafe II which I like less than magsafe I which had a more solid connection) This one, I purchased for my wife and it handles everything she needs it to do. Although you can't upgrade the memory on these models, so make sure you get enough for what you need.  If you want to change out memory, then the best choice is the Mid 2012 non-retina model which also come with DVD drives and has USB 3.0 ports."
1125,"First off, I am removing a star because they shipped a counterfeit 60W Magsafe 2 charger with my order. I contacted them immediately and they offered to accept a return of everything. I explained that the charger was my only complaint and they overnight FedEx'd a genuine Apple replacement for free.""we sent you the wrong adapter for this batch of order and will overnight you the correct genuine one.""So they knowingly ship counterfeit chargers with some of their orders?The computer is pretty good cosmetically and operationally, but not as great as other reviewers. It is an Early-2015 12,1 model, this one was built in 12/2016. There is a crease over the right USB port from somebody yanking a USB plug. The battery has 107 cycles (89% life left). Keyboard and display are in great shape with no flaws. The SSD has no dead cells. It came with MacOS 10.13 installed.Overall its a good laptop and decent refurbishment job.EDIT: Knocking off another star. They sent me another counterfeit charger. Apple would never loosely jumble the cord in the box, a genuine power supply doesn't stay powered on for several seconds after it's unplugged from the main or stay lit green/orange after its unplugged from the laptop and this fake only puts out 25 watts max."
1126,"I really feel like I got a great deal on this, mine arrived in brand new condition and it looked like it had never been used. I did see some people had bad experiences but mine was well worth the price tag. The only negative was that the charger provided is third party and not OEM Apple. The box is also generic and not Apple, not a big deal but you just don't get that same feeling opening it up as a new product. I will say that I checked the serial number on Apple and the computer itself was only a couple of years old, so in reality I paid around $450 for an Apple that was only a couple of years old with a decent amount of battery life still left. I only bought this as there was certain tasks that I could not do on my iPad and so I did not need a brand new super powerful computer. This one is great, does not get hot, fans are silent and the display looks incredible.Overall I was very happy with the purchase, it came fast and was like new condition at the fraction of the cost of a new one. I actually waited a few months before writing this review so that I could also include that I have had no issues at all in that time, battery lasts a decent amount of time and no software or hardware issues to report. It also runs the latest OS that I updated it to and I believe it will be supported software wise for some time to come. Completely worth the price!"
1127,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The Macbook came in working condition with all original components and an OEM charger but not with the extension cord. The major downfall is the condition of the laptop, for the above average asking price for this model I expected great condition as it is stated to be like new but instead the model I received was in okay condition (not cleaned either, large collection of gunk in hinge vent) at best with a lot of edge scratches and deep cuts throughout the chassis, and some unremovable stains from stickers! And worst of all the battery was at over 500 cylces, the battery life was 4-5 hrs max! thats horrible for whats suppose to be a renewed device! Not satisfied!EDIT:  Avoid this entire listing especially from the seller ''Easymobiledevices'', they ship dirty grade b laptop and have poor costumer service."
1128,Once i started running it all sort of problems arises. First major problem is wifi drops off and will not let you connect to wifi. After this happens you cant even turn on/off the wifi. Used guest and still no wifi. Restarting or shutdown and restart will not activate wifi. If you restart it takes so long to reboot. Sometimes it get stuck on the waiting wheel on startup. One out of ten restart wifi will work for a minute but then drops off and you will no longer be able to connect again. I cant say anything physically because it looks fine. Lastly beware it shows and says freshly installed mojave os but it has instead sierra installed. The power cord looks like an imitation and not the original one because from the weight it is not the original one. I can tell because i have multiple macbook at home and that is not the original one. I am pretty disappointed with this seller.
1129,"I’ll update 15 days from today.CONS:-Delivery packaging: it was a regular box with one thick bubble wrap to protect the laptop.First glance, the charger seems pretty beat up but seems to work fine.-The outer top of the laptop has a lot of scuff marks and scratches. Sides do as well. Nothing TOO severe.-Bottom have some scratches and wearing on the rubber, not too noticeable.PROS:-Had a full battery-Set up went smoothly with no hiccups.-Outer signature glowing Apple works well.-Opening the laptop, the screen has no visible scratches, cracks, or scuffs at all.-Keyboard has no loose keys and is glowing well.-Trackpad has no scratches and works really well no weird working sides SO FAR.-Software automatically updated to Catalina, kinda wanna wait to update to Big Sur.I’ll update March 13, 2021"
1130,"Still a GREAT LAPTOP, arguably the best MacBook Pro 13” ever made, 2 or 3 iterations later! I have had mine for 3 months now and although I was a little disappointed that I got a no-brand MagSafe power brick instead of an Apple brand, it’s caused no problems for me. I have been using Logic Pro X a lot and it runs nice and smooth even with the haphazard way I use it, leaving muted unused tracks all over the place as I learn about things like track bouncing and experiment with every single effect and different audio formats (I feel bad sometimes like I am unnecessarily abusing the laptop, lol) and I haven’t frozen or crashed at all. I have used a few emulation programs for old Saturn, Super Famicom, PS and Dreemcast games that push the 2D sprite and parallax scrolling envelope and again I haven’t had any problems. Only thing I have experienced that has been an issue is the actual Mac OS and it’s limitations with regard to formats, programs that it supports and connectivity with outside developers but I have also been able to get around that by setting Virtual Machines up and GUID partitioning to use whatever other OS I need. This is also not a complaint about the hardware itself but rather the Mac OS software so should not be considered when it comes to the actual MacBook Pro 13”.You will want to upgrade to an NVME M2 SSD at least 256 GB or 512 GB right away, as the 128 GB SSD will fill up within 2-3 months of moderate use and the newer M2s will increase the OS loading speed more than anything else. Luckily you have your pick of great SSDs like the Samsung 970 Evo, etc that you can easily swap in with a $5 adapter, a screwdriver and no soldering (just search YouTube for “MB Pro 13 2015 SSD upgrade”)…The unique things and PROS about this MB Pro 13” are the older style KEYBOARD that doesn’t break like 2016-later model keyboards do, 2 USB 3 ports, an SD CARD R/W and a FULL SIZE HDMI PORT all built in. This is the last MB Pro 13 with any of those ports on board and the fact that you can swap SSD hard drives with no soldering and very little skill needed, all-in with the M2 you get a sexy little powerhouse for half the price of the newer model Pro 13”s (1/4 price of current gen)! The rest (CPU, onboard graphics, sound/speakers) make this laptop a must have that will likely only appreciate in value $$$!Two Thunderbolt 2/miniDisplayPorts are useful if you want to setup 2-3 Screens, but the CONS Are that you get NO ThunderBolt 3/USB-C ports and more and more adapters and devices require that connection these days, though with the USB 3 ports there are ways around it, complicated as they may be. You also CANNOT UPGRADE RAM unless you know how to de-solder the current ram and solder up new ram (accepts up to 16GB DDR-3 in 2X8GB formation) and setup the machine to accept the new ram, which seems a recipe to completely destroy the board/laptop without at least some Mac building & Mac hardware programming know-how, possibly even special equipment.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE MODEL WITH THE AMOUNT OF RAM YOU NEED BUILT IN & a CPU that will be sufficient for you and you won’t be disappointed with this awesome little 6 year old laptop! Don’t get the 4 GB model even if it will “work” for you “short-term”! I got the 8GB/i5 2.9Ghz/128GB and I already regret not paying another $100 for the 16GB ram model, but c’est la vie.Just buy this MacBook Pro 13” while you can, replace the SSD as soon as possible, enjoy it, keep it another 5-10 years and you will likely be able to triple your investment by reselling it assuming Apple stays on their current trajectory with their MB Pro Hardware releases!!!"
1131,"Hi, I bought this Macbook Pro 13"" early 2015 and received last week on Aug 23th. The laptop has a good appearance and doesn't have any flaws. However, the charger(45w) packed together with the macbook is not for macbook pro but for  Macbook Air. I just found out today, cuz when I use the charger(45w) laptop cpu temperatures goes up to 65-85 celcius. and I can't use more than 4 hours. But when I charge my macbook with Macsafe 1 (85w, which is for Pro), the cpu temperature keeps 40-50 degree, and it runs around 10hours. I want to change my charger into “MacBook Pro Charger 85w”. Thank you."
1132,I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.I can't use the Mac because the hard drive was not reset and the software on the Mac dose not allow you to use it.Also there was no charger.Again very disappointed.
1133,"Looks brand new, wrapped and sealed in Apple packaging. Plugged it in and turned it on and let it go. Absolutely no problems, it was automatic and wonderful to have the computer set itself up. Has performed flawlessly as expected of an Apple laptop."
1134,"The laptop arrived in fair condition.  The screws show signs of wear so it may have been opened up during the ""renewal"" process.  Old stickers were left on the bottom. Also, the laptop was shipped with a cheap knockoff Chinese charger.  I have no reason to trust this charger so I'll have to order a genuine Apple one instead.Fortunately I don't need this machine to be a workhorse or I would send it back.  This should survive a year at least but I don't trust it as-is - I will wipe the hard disk, NVRAM, and SMC just to be safe."
1135,Product was faulty. The charging port wouldn't hold the plug. I returned it. I don't think the refurbishing process is very competent.
1136,"This is exactly like the MacBook I was given for work that was stolen on a plane flight. No problems with this as a replacement so far, smooth sailing for 3 months already! I got the protection plan just in case, but I'm very satisfied with this cheaper than new replacement. Will update if there are any issues that arise. Would recommend."
1137,"Idk what I was thinking not having an apple in the first place. This laptop is very easy to use, fast, and I’m excited to see how productive I can be with this format. I feel free, nothing holding me back now!! Unlike old pc with unresponsive interface, slow speeds, and constant crashes, this one gives me no problems!!"
1138,This laptop was literally like brand new out of the box. So far my daughter is so thrilled with her graduation gift. She is ready for college now!!!
1139,"Our first ever Mac but so far its been quite impressive. It was easy to setup and get it going. It works well and very easy to use, turn on/off, carry around and day to day life. Wish the battery would last a bit longer."
1140,"BUYER BEWARE!I knew by choosing a refurbished computer, I was taking a risk, but I never expected this. When I received this MacBook Air, I was surprised it was the model Apple stopped making in 2017, since the title said “Newest Version.” I emailed the seller and they said Amazon forced that in the title and told me I could return it. I work full time, am in grad school, and have three kids. I figured with it being an Apple it would last long enough to get me through school, so I kept it. Now, six months later the screen won’t turn on. It’s completely black.I am able to connect to an external monitor and use the computer that way, so I know it’s the display. After trying to adjust the brightness, several resets, resetting the SMC and the PRAM, I called Apple Support. They ruled out all software issues and told me it had to be the hardware.At this point I contacted the seller and they basically told me “sorry, it’s outside of the 90 day window so there’s nothing we will do for you.” I have escalated to Amazon trying to get some kind of resolution. They just confirmed there is nothing they are willing to do for me. They also are not doing anything to penalize the seller, All Out Apple. I'm shocked at Amazon. Shady sellers like All Out Apple will always be around, but I really thought Amazon was better than Ebay in that way. Lesson Learned.There is no reason a MacBook Air should have a display of a completely stops functioning after six months of use, even refurbished. I’m grateful that I had a work-provided monitor I can plug into to do my schoolwork, but if I was aiming to be tethered to my desk, I would have bought a Mac Mini."
1141,"Got the computer two days early! this was probably the fastest delivery I've ever received from amazon. I wasn't going to buy refurbished but I really wanted another MacBook and shelling out $2k for a new one was simply out of the question. When I saw the price for this MacBook Air, I decided to roll the dice and buy it. I knew it could possibly come not as advertised, such as having scratches or not being updated as far as software is concerned but when I opened it up it was practically BRAND NEW! set up was simple as can be! only took me 5 minutes to sign in with my Apple ID and all my information was synced between my iPhone and iPad and onto the MacBook Air. There were a few minor scratches less than a couple centimeters on the bottom of the computer nothing that noticeable. the charger doesn't stick as well as I'd like and one of the hinges is half broken off but I've that same issue with practically every MacBook I've ever had. I was really surprised with the quality. it said 2017 version but with all the updates and new iterations its hard to gauge which MacBook your getting I thought I was purchasing a much older MacBook Air than what I got this thing is amazing and the 13 in screen is far larger than I expected it to be feels like a 15 or 17 in display when having it in your hands/ the computer itself is incredibly light, the main reason I chose the air you can carry it in anywhere with one hand and hardly feel it definitely much lighter than my 2020 iPad 11"" All in all if you're on a budget, this computer is the way to go! for $400 its practically brand new and runs like a dream! thanks amazon for this incredible refurbished Mac! love it !"
1142,"I don’t what to think I bought 2017 16gb 256 ssd but I received a refurbished 2019 8g 256 perfectly packaged, I can’t put apple care I already call for that but im not sure to keep it because I want a computer of 16of ram but this one is 2019, im gonna give the chance to see how it works, And it cost me the same price of a refurbished 2019 Of apple but those ones you can put apple care"
1143,"hola, soy de peru. Estoy contento con la compra, la compre por el precio, y me llego tal cual las especificaciones.(late2018,2.3gz,8ram,256ssd). la bateria llego con 350 ciclos aproxen cuanto a lo estetico, tenia pequeños arañones en un costado, pero nada grave, la pantalla intacta y el touchbar ok. el cargador sellado oem.califico la compra como 9/10."
1144,Got a few months out of this before the screen started disappearing intermittently. Then it wasn't so intermittent. I'd have much rather spent the extra money to get a new computer that didn't break than to buy something second-hand and have to decide to repair or replace.
1145,"Considering I was 100% ripped off, I would not recommend you purchase from this seller, I did not receive what I wanted, the serial number for a COMPUTER comes up as an iPhone 11... Just.. No."
1146,This computer was working fine and all of a sudden the screen went out.  Cost me $640 to fix it.
1147,"Delivery was super fast, considering I’m in South Africa. The laptop is simply beautiful, woks well, no complaints, I love it."
1148,"Positivo, EXCELENTE EQUIPO!!!"
1149,So far this was a steal. Great product for a great value.
1150,super machine
1151,The space key and some of the keys were not working As they are supposed to. Really sticky
1152,"Arrived, boxed well with balloon cushions. Power adapter looked clean but had scratches. Opened up the Lid of the MacBookPro and it looked like it had some sort of disease or cancer & it smelled quite strange too. It had over 50% battery so I carried on with a reset which resulted in an error. Luckily it booted back into Yosemite OS that it had installed years ago, after 3 failed attempts managed to update to Mojave. Of course first things first copy music etc onto, USB stick struggled to go in either of the USB Ports (look at the photos) was also stuck after insertion but managed to pull out, with a hard pull - full force - anger. Had a look into the ports and discovered they were literally rusted dirty like disgusting, this is not the definition of Refurbished - but 2nd Hand or Heavily Used. Be aware, set your expectations right in oder to avoid any disappointments."
1153,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I was super stoked upon arrival, began setting up the laptop and within minutes the screen stopped working. Literally pixels. Severely disappointed. I have gotten ahold of kanga and they are working to replace the device but it has now been over a week since I’ve purchased the unit with two day shipping and still have nothing to show for it. I hope they come through on their end and send me a functional unit."
1154,"I've only had it for about a week now and this 2015 MacBook Pro is working phenomenally! I was kinda hesitant buying a refurbished MacBook from Amazon, but I can honestly say I'm go glad I went ahead and did. It came extremely fast and right from opening the box, it was as if I had bought a brand new one right from Apple themselves. There's not a scratch, dent, stain, dust or anything on it. So far it's working extremely well and I will definitely buy form this seller in the future and recommend them to others as well! Great price for a great computer."
1155,"I’ve had this MacBook Pro going on 4 days and so far so good! It has met all my expectations and more. I grew up using windows PCs. This is my first Apple computer and I’m happy to have made the transition. Wish I did this long time ago but better late then never. If it wasn’t for the packaging and not being in the original box, I probably wouldn’t be able to tell this was refurbished. This is just based from my experience using MacBooks at the Apple store. Also, there was a few minor scratches on the bottom of the laptop.I will revise and change review in a month if any problems. But as of now, my review above is how I feel."
1156,"I've only had it for a couple days, but so far this is a great purchase. The thing looks brand new, and I know it isn't. I am replacing an older Mac and just can't afford the prices of new machines from Apple. Using Migration Assistant (an app that comes with Macs) I was able to restore a time machine backup from the old machine, so I've lost nothing in the transition."
1157,"When I ordered this product for the first time, it came with a green line on the screen. I contacted the costumer service, they responded very quickly and replaced it.The second computer came with better specs, I was the happiest person... for 2 months though, the computer suddenly stop responding.Other things that are worth saying:- The charger is generic. A generic charger can easily damage the battery of the computer, that could explain my problem.- The second computer they sent, had a sticker that covered the whole low part of the computer (those stickers that are the same color as the computer and are used to cover up very big scratches.Conclusion: they can deliver a great costumer service, but not a working product."
1158,"The macbook pro only worked for a short while. It had a charging/powering problem - wouldn't keep a charge at first, then wouldn't power on even when plugged in. Confirmed it was not a charger issue.I contacted the company who said to send it back for repair. Once they received it they wrote saying it cannot be fixed and charged me a ""restocking fee"" in the amount of the purchase of the laptop. Outrageous!! I even had a protection plan for it. After numerous interactions they refused to help and returned the laptop without telling me. THEN they said they couldn't do anything in terms of a refund because I had the machine. Months later they refuse to resolve it and amazon can't help me because it's a third party seller. An ABSOLUTE JOKE of a company. I'm out over $500.00 with a computer that can't be fixed - and Apple store said they could try but for more than the computer's worth. So yeah. They have my money and I have nothing.DO NOT BUY from these people if you'd like to keep your money."
1159,"Hey all! So I’ve gotten into photography lately and needed a upgrade from my old 2012 MacBook Pro and 2011 Asus laptops for editing. Figured a 2015 model would be the way to go for a decent upgrade without spending tons of money. I was super skeptical about buying a reconditioned one through Amazon after reading the reviews and thought about it for about 4 hours before I made the transaction. Next day it was at my door step with me a bit nervous about opening the package and seeing a beat up MacBook, I opened the box and the MacBook was in a bubble wrapped sleeve and that’s it. Okay I’m fine with that but what was the condition of it? Looks like it barely got used or the previous owner always had a case on it. Outside from a few nicks here and there it’s flawless. Turns on and is super quick, the Retina display is beautiful and definitely enjoyable to watch movies. It came with Mojave so the first thing I did was update it to Big Sur and it’s still flawless. I’ve only had it for a day if that but so far I’m happy with my purchase. Just be mindful yours may or may not be like mine condition wise I got lucky. Should you buy one of these? I would I’m pleased with my purchase and I’m sure you would be too. But I’ll update with any issues if they come up in the future. Thankfully I’m a bit tech savvy so whatever happens I’m sure I can fix it."
1160,"This of course this is an old model and reconditioned/renewed, so I was expecting it to look somewhat used; however, this MacBook Pro is in PERFECT CONDITION as if I had purchased it new. I'm upgrading from a very heavy and slow 2009 white MacBook that's a dinosaur and I could only do very basic things on it. It has almost zero capability in terms of battery life (it could only be used plugged in) so this laptop is an absolute gem in comparison. This might be why I'm so hyped and elated. Plus the price was very good. *I hope the computer doesn't have some sudden glitch and dies on me...lol!Now, I can finally edit my videos in iMovie, which was not working on the old MacBook, because I couldn't update it anymore. I need this laptop mainly for traveling, to do editing work, I have a 2 monitor PC set-up at home. My only wish is that I could transfer my Adobe CS to the new laptop.SIDE NOTE: it's actually overall a little smaller than my old 13"" (screen size is the same), it's not as heavy, but not as light as the Air; it arrived with Catalina iOS installed and I had to upgrade to Monterey to use the newest version of iMovie - this isn't a complaint, just an observation."
1161,"I bought for my mom, great deal (sort-of), works great (after I deleted 2 mysterious old unknown wifi connections)I bought this for my mom, she was always having Windows problems, viruses disguised as virus removal, scammy pop-ups, and so on.  Happy day!  :DThey raised prices during Prime Day, wth?  I thought I was getting a good deal, but afterward I noticed the price went down.  Anyway, I ordered this for my mom.  She's been using Windows and I wanted her to experience a Macbook Pro.  This one is actually even better than mine!  I'm still happily using a Late 2013 2.4 Ghz 8 RAM 256 GB 13-inch Retina, her's is exactly the same except it's a Early 2015 and it's actually got 2.7 Ghz!  Anyway she seems really happy with it.  I set it up for her, and ran the serial number, which was not found, not surprisingly although I'm not sure what that means, and the update page in the App Store looks like it was coded in 1995, so I'm not sure what's up with that.  Could be something funky going on, but all I know is it works and we're happy with it.  She's getting used to using it, and she says it's fast and smooth.  She was getting tired of all the Windows updates and virus stuff and all the spammy popups telling her to purchase a virus disguised as virus removal, yadda yadda yadda, so I am well-pleased that she is now almost a full-blown Mac-head.  Thanks Apple.  I hope to be able to afford an Apple car when they do come out, haha.  I'm not sure about the battery-life yet, but I HAD TO replace the battery on mine, so replacing it on hers should not be a problem."
1162,It’s just one continuous problem after the other with this computer. It’s really not worth it to save a little bit of money just buy new not refurbished have your warrantee you’re better off in the long run.
1163,For this being my first ever Mac- This was an amazing buy... no scratches or dents. Its basically BRAND NEW. 😝😝😝The only thing is that it says 512gb but the space says 256gb so be wary of that.But other than that I am really happy with my purchase.
1164,Good
1165,Love it
1166,"the product arrived with the screen broken. I would like a refund of $ 400 to repair it, since he is now in Brazil."
1167,So happy with this purchase. Even my kids said it looks like the new ones. Has some minor imperfections but at the cost totally acceptable. Would definitely purchase from this seller again.
1168,"I purchased through amazon this m1 chip 512 gb 8ram macbook pro 2020 year manufacture.  I’m a mac user of many years.  The computer is blazing fast, slim, light with great battery life. A huge bonus—-little need for additional  anti virus add on software since the macbook anti virus platform is very solid. A hidden gem when you buy any apple device is phenomenal tech telephone support.  The advisors at the apple stores and by telephone are the best part of the apple experience for me and even rival the devices they sell. Yes, I hate the high prices and know the game but over time I’ve  accepted their price points because of the incredible tech support."
1169,battery would not take any charge  stuck at 1%
1170,"I cannot believe the condition my Macbook is in, you can’t even tell if it’s used and the packaging was very nice and professional with the white box and wrapped just like it is when you get it directly from Apple. I am super happy with my purchase, thanks Amazon."
1171,"Good, but it is a little small.. easy to control. Recommend if you are hard to control your computer"
1172,Computer will not charge.
1173,"""Refurbished"" even though Battery life was non existent from the startup, always check the reviews on laptops to make sure they have over 200, cause then you won't be played by greedy ass people like I was"
1174,"Minor scratches , for the price reduction is a great buy !!!"
1175,Light weight
1176,"El producto reacibdiocionado en muy buen estado, funciona perfectamente y venía totalmente protegido y embalado. Muy satisfecho con la compra"
1177,"Looks and acts brand new. Everything exactly as advertised. Will update if I have any issues but after a week I can say, I am pleasantly surprised!"
1178,"This is an unusually large advance over previous models, especially in raw computing power, but also in fun things like screen and headphone support.This Amazon listing has two different processors, the M1 Pro (listed as 16-Core GPU ""style"") and the M1 Max (32-Core GPU). I'll call one the Pro, the other the Max. I got the base Pro, but much of what I'll say applies to both, and I'll have some comments specifically about the Max too. (MBP below = MacBook Pro.)Amazon doesn't offer most of the options you can get, only the ones listed. For now (and probably later), that's the Pro with 16GB RAM and 512GB or 1TB SSD, or the Max with 32GB RAM and 1TB SSD. 3 versions total.Screen Brightness* and HappinessThis screen can get up to 1600 nits brightness and can sustain full-screen brightness up to 1000. That's very impressive, as MBPs since 2016 have topped out at 500.*But the vast majority of the time, this screen will also top out at 500, because those other numbers are only for HDR (high dynamic range, what Apple calls XDR), i.e. some videos and some photos viewed in some programs. If you're browsing the internet, using productivity apps, or the like, those are almost all SDR (standard dynamic range). You'll be seeing them at the same brightness as with MBPs for the last five years.That said, the new screen is beautiful and bright in both HDR and SDR for most situations. For HDR, it puts out more color and brightness, and darker blacks - a million-to-one contrast ratio - with a wider range of light and color that has more pop and more detail in shadows and highlights. It can be dazzling or just more realistic.For SDR, it's much like before, still a gorgeous screen, with better contrast than before because of darker blacks.Has more pixels per inch (254, up from 226), and more pixels all over (3456 by 2234, up from 3072 by 1920). The aspect ratio remains 16:10 (not counting the top menu bar).ProMotionProMotion is Apple's name for screen refresh rates that can go up to 120Hz, or lower to save processor/battery power when 120 isn't needed. This makes motion smoother, more natural.For now where ProMotion applies is limited. Most scrolling in browsing, including with Safari, still tops out at 60Hz. Which is fine for me, but it bothers some people, looks choppy to them. This could be changed with a software update.Bloom and GhostsBloom is when a bright spot on a dark background bleeds out past where it's supposed to be, a common issue with this kind of screen. I and most others think this screen handles it well (better than the iPad Pro), but it can still arise some.Ghosting is when a moving object leaves a noticeable trail of ghost images behind for a fraction of a second, one for each new frame until the old image fades. MBPs are notoriously mediocre at this kind of ghostbusting, and this screen is no exception. Expect the usual haunting, if you notice that kind of thing.PWMFor those concerned (you mostly know who you are), there is PWM (pulse-width modulation) on the smaller 14"" version of this screen, and so very likely on this one too, at a frequency of 14,880Hz at all brightness levels (measured by NotebookCheck). That's a very high frequency, considered well beyond what would cause trouble for the susceptible.The NotchAs you can see in the main photo here, there's a black Notch at the top of the screen. There are no pixels there. The long-desired improved camera is there, and a mic array and light sensor (and maybe room for a Face ID system if they decide to make MBPs with that). As with the iPhone Notch, it's controversial.You can make the Notch disappear, or rather blend in, if you make the background up there black. It also disappears into the black bars when you view things like videos in full-screen mode.The cursor disappears into the Notch if you put it there. If an app has menu items that stretch there, they disappear too, but they'll still function normally if you put the (invisible) cursor on them.Desperate times call for desperate measures. Most apps won't have this trouble, but if you must, you can avoid menu items disappearing by using the ""Scale to fit"" function, which shrinks the entire screen work area a little to fit below the Notch. Makes it look like an old 15"" if the background is black, like there are wide black bezels. (Google ""Scale to fit below built-in camera"" for full instructions and mockery.)There are also third-party apps, such as Bartender, to manage how items appear in the menu bar and keep them visible.Camera and MicsThe new camera that, along with the thinner bezels, makes the Notch necessary, is 1080p, with an f/2 lens for good exposure in the shadows. Video looks noticeably better than before, though it can have a processed look.The three mics sound very clean and natural but with a little less bass than before to my ears, which is fine.Extra ScreensYou can use two external monitors with the Pro, down from four with previous models. They can be up to 6K @60Hz with a billion colors. The Max can still use four: three 6K and one 4K, all @60Hz etc.You can use 4K @120/144Hz HDR monitors too.You can run two from one port if you use the right kind of dock or daisy-chain.Headphone OomphThe new headphone jack has more power for high-impedance headphones. It automatically adjusts, so it won't overwhelm low-impedance phones. If the headphones have less than 150 ohms impedance, they get 1.25 volts RMS. If more, 3 volts. That might cause it to fail to provide enough power to some not-so-high-impedance headphones that still require extra power, such as planars.With my 2016 15"" MBP, I've had to use a portable amp for my Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pros (250 ohm), but now I can pretty well do without it, though sometimes only just. The volume on some sources is still not always what I wish I could make it. But now I can nearly achieve hearing loss with the intro to the guitar riff in ""Money for Nothing."" Which also sounds good, and healthier, a couple notches down.Among other headphones that have tested favorably with the new jack are the DT 990 Pros (250 ohm), and the Sennheiser HD650, 660S, 6XX, and HD800 (150 to 300 ohm).One report says the planar Hifiman HE4XXs (35 ohm planar) sound good, but most planars tested are said to need more power. The Audeze LCD-2Cs are reported to sound good enough, though not their best. The LCD-3s and Hifiman Sundaras and Aryas are said to be underpowered.For my usual regular-impedance phones, Cleer Flow IIs (16 ohm), the wired volume is a little louder than before, though still not always the earsplitting barrage I want for some sources. Maybe for the best.Quality iems (in-ear monitors) that require especially clean input, but not too much, reportedly sound good, including Andromedas and Moondrop Starfields.SpeakersThey're improved from the already laptop-leading speakers from earlier MBPs, with a fuller sound and decent kick, amazingly good for when nothing with a 3"" woofer is around.Apple mysteriously says the 14"" M1 has the same speaker system, but looking inside both machines shows the speakers in the 16"" are bigger - both ""subs"" and tweeters - and located differently, with the subs in the front corners on this one. The 16"" has fuller bass (such as it is).Heat and NoiseThere isn't any.None with my typical use, at least. If you push it hard, it can get warm, but not as hot as my 2016 15"". Which makes sense, as this has a larger enclosure, bigger fans, larger, better heat sinks, and more power-efficient processors. The fans don't have to spin up as much to do the same amount of cooling, so it's noticeably quieter even when it does heat up, rarely makes any noise at all.The 16"" Max comes with a larger heat sink than the 16"" Pro, so likely runs a little cooler and quieter sometimes, though the Max might get hotter when it uses a lot of that extra power.KeyboardVery quiet, much like the older Mac laptop keyboards, not the butterfly ones from 2015-19, but the rest. Maybe less travel in the keys than some of those, but plenty for me.I miss the touch bar sliders for fine control of some functions, but you can still use sliders via the Control Center, the icon next to the date on the screen's top menu bar. That's also where control of the keyboard backlight is, no more control for it on the keyboard.TouchpadThe best available by far, responsive and large so you can carry the cursor over a large area with more control. For clicks, it's great. For taps, which I turn off, it's not as great, according to those who prefer that - appears to be a software issue.PortsThere's one less Thunderbolt/USB-C port than before, but 50% more bandwidth (3 controllers instead of 2).The HDMI is 2.0, can drive up to 4K HDR @60Hz.The SD card reader is shallow, so the cards stick out. There might be room for a flush micro-SD adapter. I only have cards up to 64GB, which work fine. Some people have had trouble reading some cards, so it may be finicky.Battery LifeI usually keep plugged in, but the reviews I've seen that cover battery life tests typically say it's the longest of any similar machine they've tested, including PCs. Reports of battery life for office work, browsing, watching videos, and so on generally range from 10 to 16 hours, sometimes more. It can go unusually long with heavy use too, 5 hours or more of video work, for example. Max Tech did 10 benchmark and stress tests with it in a couple hours, some maxing out the CPU or GPU for up to ten minutes, and it still had 36% left.At normal settings, there's no performance hit until you get down to 3%; until then you can process or game at full tilt. There's a low-power mode that extends battery life by limiting performance, lowering screen brightness, etc. The Max also has a high-power mode, but it seems to only ramp up the fans sooner to help cooling. Apple's description and tests in reviews indicate it doesn't affect performance in any direct way.The Max has tended to have a little less battery life than the Pro in reviews. The only good tests I've seen that compared directly either found negligible differences or up to 15% less battery life for the Max. (Other tests haven't been well controlled.)You can quick charge to 50% in a half-hour. The new power brick is 45% more powerful than before, and maybe 30% larger lengthwise, still small for what it does. You can charge at lower speed with smaller bricks (not included) via the USB-C ports.Size and WeightIt's noticeably heavier than before, about 5 ounces over the previous 16"", and not quite as sleek, but it's sleeker than I was expecting from the photos.RepairabilityHa ha! But really, it's better than it was. Battery modules now have pull tabs so they can be more easily replaced. The screen can be replaced more easily, but if Apple doesn't do it you lose True Tone (which I don't want anyway). The headphone, Thunderbolt and MagSafe ports can be replaced without replacing the logic board. Now rates a 4/10 from iFixit for repairability, up from 1/10 for the previous model.CompatibilityComes with Rosetta 2, which enables M1 Macs to use programs written for Intel Macs, and usually works very well.There's no more Boot Camp, so to run Windows or Windows programs you have to use third-party software like Parallels, which runs Windows by emulating a Windows machine (and requires a Windows license), or Crossover, which modifies Windows programs to run on Macs.  Which works best, or at all, depends on the program.GamingWoW *mostly* runs 50 to 120fps at high settings and resolution, depending on the location. Some places can't even manage 50 at those settings, though, but do OK at more compromised settings. Baldur's Gate 3, Diablo III, CS:GO and several others can run at 60-100fps or better at good settings.You can play Windows games via Parallels or Crossover. They generally don't run as well, but some do fine.Most games, including native ones, run quite a bit better on the Max, with up to 2x the fps. Final Fantasy XIV is hit and miss at good settings even with the Max.Gaming isn't usually hot or noisy, can get warmer with light fans for the games that aren't running natively. And there's no noticeable performance hit for gaming on battery.WorkI have to mention the less fun part: how well this does things you might have to do at work. It does almost all of it better than before, much of it way better. Here's how it compares according to actual test results from numerous sources with Xcode, Logic Pro, Lightroom, Blender, Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, and so on. The range of comparison depends on what the task is.Previous base MBP 16"" (Intel i7 AMD 5300): The Pro is 60% to several times faster.Previous top-spec'd MBP (i9 5600M): The Pro is about the same to 2 or 3 times faster.Regular M1 machines (not M1 Pro or Max): The Pro is about the same to several times faster.The 14"" M1 Pro with same specs: The same, though the 16"" has the bigger battery and heat removal system, so it fares better in those ways.Windows laptop work stations: This is complicated, but the Pro can thrash most Windows laptops in most intensive work-related apps. It lines up very roughly with machines with a good i7/i9 and an RTX 3070, but generally can't keep up with the RTX 3080. The Pro uses a fraction of the power, and so only produces a fraction of the heat and noise, if any. And lasts and performs much better on battery.Pro vs MaxThe Max is about the same to twice as fast as the Pro, mostly between those extremes. The CPU is much the same, but the GPU is double the cores, so the main advantage is in graphics-heavy work.Besides the GPU cores, the Max has twice the bandwidth for memory transfer, two hardware video encode engines instead of one, and some extra cooling capacity.If you're already successfully using a Mac laptop, you don't *need* the Max, since the Pro is already better than what you have. But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from the Max's extra power if you have the money. For intensive video editing, massive photo editing, or better gaming (though cheaper Windows machines will play most games better), the Max has real advantages.To confuse things a little more, Apple (but not Amazon currently) also offers a demi-Max with a 24-core GPU, halfway between the Pro's 16 and the Max's 32. It's a cheaper way to get the extra bandwidth, video encoder, and cooling advantages of the Max. Tests show that in graphics-intensive tasks it operates roughly midway between the Pro and 32-core Max, often more than half, as expected.WarrantiesThis comes with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects that includes free phone support for the first 90 days. If you want to also cover accidental damage (with deductibles) and extend the regular warranty and free tech support to 3 years, you can buy 

AppleCare+ from Amazon

   (link embedded) or Apple. You get 60 days from purchase to buy it, but coverage for accidents doesn't start until you do. (I always self-insure when I can, so I didn't get it.)DecalsLast and least, this comes with two black Apple decals, the sign of true professional Apple equipment."
1179,Out of the box unusable for me. This MacBook Pro does not have any USB ports to be able to restore from a previous Mac back up that’s on an external drive. You must buy an adapter. Since I live in a remote area I’d have to order online and wait. You cannot even plug a iPhone12 Pro Max directly into it. The only ports it has are thunderbolt. So even Apple’s own lighting connector needs an adapter. The keyboard is a downgrade from the old keyboard. Solid black plastic instead of plastic keys surrounded by aluminum which were easier to see. Had to call Apple support to download an update because there is no reset option in the System Preferences of OS Monterey. And the update did not work to give it that option. Will have to figure out a different option to remove my account and information to return it. This particular MacBook is defective I believe.
1180,I ordered the 2021 16 inch right away as I knew they would probably sell out fast. I had to make sure I had one for my trip I am leaving on soon.  As soon as I opened it the screen would never come on.  Thought maybe it needed charging so I tried that.  Still nothing but a black screen.  It kept making the sound when you open it up even when it was closed over and over again.  I took it to the local Apple Store hoping I could get some answers.  They tired to get it to work and could not either.  They said it is very strange and maybe something happened to it during shipping.  They said since it is brand new it would be best to get my money back from Amazon.  I thought maybe I could just exchange it before my trip but the one I ordered is out of stock.  I will try the 14 inch and see if I like it compared to the size of the 16 inch since it is in stock.  This is a first MacBook Pro I have ever purchased and now I am a bit nervous.
1181,"Here are the temperature results for the new cool MacBooks compared to the old overheating intel ones. 91 degrees for the old one near the processor, and 74 degrees on the new ones. Both had been running for hours transferring files nonstop. Amazing. I have been editing video, transferring large files and not once have the fans kicked on. Makes me want to cry."
1182,"Finally, this 2021 MacBook Pro cured my depression!"
1183,Arrived DOA - wouldn’t start up. Spent hours on the phone with Apple support and still wouldn’t start. Returned - c’mon man!
1184,"This laptop is unbelievably fast. Between the screen, battery life, and performance, this laptop is head and shoulders better than any competition."
1185,My first ever MacBook. Switched over from PC and I can't believe I didn't switch sooner! On the pricer side but I'm super happy with my purchase!
1186,"I have been using my MacBook Pro from 2014 for work until last week when I finally purchased this MacBook Pro. My old MacBook starts up and works as fast as the day I bought it. The only reason I bought a new MacBook was because the battery life was getting low. I probably could have just bought a new battery and it would have been fine.That being said, I did hold out for this MacBook because Apple brought back the ports that I needed. I use the HDMI and SD ports daily. An Ethernet port would have been nice but that’s asking too much. This MacBook has a 2 day battery life and is blazing fast. I use Adobe programs and this MacBook doesn’t even blink when I do live editing. Best laptop I have ever used.I own a business that uses many PC laptops and a couple MacBooks. A PC will never last as long as a MacBook. And, a PC ALWAYS gets slower after 6 months of use. The price is high but you can buy a new PC every 2 years or a MacBook every 7 years."
1187,"Coming from a 2019 16in, I feel that this generation is 2 steps forwards, 1 step back.Pros:-Fans are never audible even under full extended load!  This was my #1 issue with my 2019 mac which would have constant fan noise with 2 monitors.-2x battery life-Better screen especially in dark environment or a dark subject-Extremely fast for certain workloads such as video editing and code compilation.-magsafe is back (although I personally don't care for it)-most apps work normally with rosetta emulation, but may have some stutter.Cons:-thicker and SIGNIFICANTLY heavier.-Screen has a notch which is very distracting for me.-Still has some compatibility issues.-Terrible for games.  Only a few titles are supported natively.  I only tested league of legends(uses rosetta emulator), but it was choppy and 1/3 the fps of my 2019 intel macbook.- +$300 base price even though they got rid of intel.-The area I feel apple has made a major misstep is with ports.  I couldn't care less for SD card or HDMI, but everyone who buys this is going to need USB-A.  It's ridiculous that I still have to bring a dongle everywhere just to use my mouse but these ports I never/rarely use are back.Also some developer related tools/libraries aren't working.C# debugger is totally unsupported for example.  Anything that requires gpu hardware acceleration (pytorch) is unlikely to ever be supported in any usable form.  Linux dual boot is unsupported or in early experimental stages.  I also had issues building/running java projects natively, but no issues with rosetta.If you're looking to buy this for an undergrad program, it's probably workable.  However, I'd suggest saving some $ and getting a used mac or windows machine.  Professional devs will be aware of their specific requirements, but I suspect many will need to keep a secondary x86 machine for the foreseeable future."
1188,"I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13"" MacBook Pro to the 14"" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13"" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14"" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1"" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13"" model, but smaller than the 16"". I had a 16"" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14"" and 16"" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the ""form factor"" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the ""MacBook Pro"" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14"" and 16"" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13"" had the M1 chip and now my 14"" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13"" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27"" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13"" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14"" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max."
1189,"I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this."
1190,"M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about ""the notch"" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks ""sharp"" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks."
1191,"I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?"
1192,sent me base model
1193,"I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connects"
1194,"I never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it."
1195,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!"
1196,"This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the ""affordable"" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy."
1197,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Sheeeese! What can I say? Apple has done it again 🤪😍 magnificent piece of device I must say."
1198,"I pulled the trigger on this thing hoping that the bad reviews were wrong.. some of the comments saying it came dirty and defective definitely gave me pause however, what arrived today was practically a brand new macbook. the device does not show any signs of wear and the battery cycle count is 18, it came with the original power brick and while the cable was used, it was not worn or dirty in any way. While i've only just started using the device about an hour ago, I can tell you that it's speedy and works flawlessly... had I not known it was a refurb when buying it, I would have easily confused it for a brand new mbp.. for those asking, this is a 2017 macbook pro and the specs as quoted are accurate. i'll play around with this thing for a little while and update this review as needed, but so far this looks like a winner!***update***A few months in and it’s still working flawlessly. I don’t regret my purchase for one second, and neither should you!"
1199,This is not a 256GB MacBook Pro- they are falsely advertising it as such and then shipping buyers 128GB versions.
1200,"Came in used and dirty, and it was not even turn off, I'm gonna return it. So disappointed."
1201,"Wow. I cant say enough how happy I am with this laptop! I it arrived early, and for a refurbished computer I swear it doesn't have a scratch, dent, smudge or single flaw anywhere on it! Its fast, the battery is great, its working perfectly! I couldn't be happier with this thing!"
1202,"Was excited to receive it and on the outside it had one noticable chip in the case on the cover side (which had a sharp edge to it), but thought that isn't too bad.  But when opening it up the screen in both the top left and top right were broken/chipped/cracked like it had been dropped and they replaced the cover, but not the screen.  This was not acceptable.  Wanted to try it out and ended up learning that some of the keys did not work right (sticky, pushed strange and such), plus the touchpad/mouse was really strange and didn't seem to work correctly.  Too many issues out of the box for me and too concerned that there might be other issues from where it looked to have been dropped and such.  Sending it back and just started that process.  So far the return seems ok....but just hate that the product does not match the description...using their words ""Renewed products work and look like new""."
1203,"I ordered the space gray with 256 gb of ram and received a silver with 128gb.  I knew this could happen as the picture did not match the description and I had seen other similar reviews.The good news is it was on time and in flawless condition.  I think I will stick with it and not press my luck, as it is still a fair price and a great machine, but beware."
1204,"I have to admit, I don't typically write reviews and I was a little hesistant about the product due to some 1 to two star reviews. The space gray model not only is at a great price, it came to me brand new. With all the specs I was expecting, i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD, and works like a dream. Battery life is great, setting up was easy, and all my Apple Products (iPhone, Apple watch, Earpods) synced with no issues. I'm not sure as to why there were so many negative reviews, but mine is not one of them. SO HAPPY!! I truly recommend."
1205,the battery is dead
1206,"This product arrived quickly and looked great.  There have been multiple glitches with the power switch and with the screen ever since it's arrival.  Most of the time the power button would require multiple attempts to push before the computer would power up.  When the computer woke from sleep state (opening lid after its been closed for at least fifteen minutes) the screen would be black and then all pixelated.  Most recently, the computer wouldn't even turn on, when it finally did, it was all reset and all the settings were reset.  I lost everything I had put on the computer over the past day.  The seller still hasn't gotten back to me after email and I left a voice message.  I have now initiated a return as I want my money back.  It would have been nice if they had gotten back to me ASAP when I emailed or when I called (during normal hours of operation, by the way) and it went to voicemail.  The fact that they didn't and the computer kept coming up with other issues.  I now will buy a new one.  The value is not there with the aggravation generated."
1207,"Multiple reviews mentioned getting devices with used batteries, screen issues, etc.My laptop arrived through FedEx Express with questionable packaging. But everything was intact and fine. The laptop still had the plastic wrapped around it as MacBooks directly from Apple do, even with the screen cover. Only 3 battery cycles out of the box, with a new charger in the box. I am very satisfied with the purchase although in the Q&A section of this product someone mentions that this is a 2018 model, its not, its a 2017 (At least the one I received.) which for me isn't really a big deal since it arrived in exceptional condition. Highly recommend this MacBook."
1208,I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA. But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable. Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at home and making zoom calls all the time.
1209,"Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours. Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution & bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications (With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there will be a fix soon"
1210,"UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1 MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro - and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using ""swap memory"" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful. Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/A) - 2017 12"" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020 Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017 MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful when you have many GPU intensive ""Pro Apps"" running at the same time.I would never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or the dreaded beach ball ""not responding"" issues, or if you have non-Apple programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models, it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac."
1211,"The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it with a new one."
1212,"Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well."
1213,"I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13"" and a 11, both with the previous form factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution) and this new 13"" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great!  2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and looks good with the thin black bezel.  I usually don't go above 50% brightness.- KEYBOARD is good.  Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.  Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is fantastic.  Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC), etc., it has been great.  Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.- LOOKS GREAT.  Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few years old by now) design, looks and feels great.  Form factor is nice and it is a reasonable weight.- NO FAN.  That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap.  Pretty amazing really for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE.  It works great so far on what I have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a laptop using Apple silicon for the first time.  For just day to day use and things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super smooth and fast.  Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it is the base model with 7-core GPU.  Also, things like start up are noticeably faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27"" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH ID is great still.  Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons.  On the other hand, it should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual and a real reason to get this MBA.  Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not really need Face ID if you have the watch).  You can easily send/receive files using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay.  And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still sucks.  Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams, etc.  Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27"" iMac FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS.  Sad that this thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging, DisplayPort).  Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port for other use, pretty lame.  I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH (Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g. Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery.  Easier to have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute, especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem.  Love it so far!"
1214,No complains so far.  Very fast and performs great.  I had a 2014 MacBook Air and finally upgraded this year.  This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very happy with this upgrade.
1215,"Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new Apple M1 chip.  A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this computer, I have have found several things of concern:1.  my notification center keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2.  my computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS devices (iPhone & iPad).  If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will appear on my mac but not vice versa.  Reminders will not sync regardless of which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET.  THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!"
1216,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Bought this laptop bc i needed it for spring semester and i needed an upgrade from my heavy macbook pro. I go to work too so i needed something super light and thin i can just bring everywhere and slide it in my bag.I am obsessed with how fast this macbook is. The battery life is on point. I used it for movies and series at work and it lasted for 3 days. The processor is definitely sooo good. I open so many tabs at once and it has not lagged on me. The keyboard and trackpad is responsive.I love the color. The main reason why i bought this too. 😍😂I have no problems with it at all.Highly recommend"
1217,Opened my brand new $1000++ computer and the entire screen was cracked and destroyed. Awesome! Thanks Amazon.
1218,"Delivered to me within 12 hours of purchase... Sealed in original apple packaging with protective film, blemish free, not a scratch.. Mint.its powerful, Ive already loaded some big task audio software and broadcast software on it and its flying through the multiple processes together at ease... (Logic 10.5 / Traktor DJ 3.0 / OBS)Super light and portable, If this is a MacBook Pro then I can't even imagine how light the Air models are. Nor could I even imagine why you may need something more powerful. I am having to adjust to the new keyboard and Touch Bar, I keep hitting Siri and volume settings, even as I type this.id also recommend getting a keyboard cover as well.... I hear these keyboards go out sometimes and to repair it. This is no fault to the reseller, but I can't believe Apple with their price points don't offer a bigger SSD for the lowest price point.... 128gb is laughable so be prepared to buy an external SSD along with a Thunderbolt 3 / USB-C Hub to run hdmi, and various external accessories.Overall I love this computer so far, it was a nail biter as I rarely ever shell out $1,000 on anything but I'm very pleased and satisfied with my purchase. And I still cannot find a better deal on the internet, not even used on Facebook marketplace, letgo or craigslist....Five stars"
1219,So not worth it. All they want to do is take your money do NOT BUY THIS ONE! Its used and if you search apple on amazon they have brand new with higher stats for cheaper.
1220,"Just received this, but so far so good. It looks BRAND NEW. There are literally NO signs of cosmetic wear or damage. It arrived in a sealed apple box. I’m finishing setting up and I already love it. For just under $1,200 for a 2019 model, this is a GREAT deal!"
1221,"I really love my MacBook. I really love this laptop. I'm a huge MacBook fan and this works like new. So far I don't have a problem with the butterfly keyboard, but I heard bad reviews about the keyboard from watching YouTube videos. I think that they may have fixed the keyboard problem when they refurbished the product??? I'm not sure, but honestly this a really great laptop for a really great price. I do wish that it came in the original Apple box and packaging, but it wasn't far from the really deal."
1222,"It looks and feels brand spanking new! Definitely happy with my purchase considering that I bought a brand new 2020 MacBook Air and hated it. Returned it back in 2 days. I paid a lot less for the Pro than the Air and its A LOT better with so many features. I’m not trying to persuade anyone out of getting the Air but if you are considering on buying a MacBook my advice would be to just go ahead and get the pro. The Air reminds me of a google chrome book slapped with an Apple logo on it. Not saying that google chrome books are bad, but there’s no need to pay a full band for the Air when you could find something similar and a lot cheaper. All in all I really love this laptop."
1223,"Bought this laptop with some apprehensions, as i have typically bought refurbished goods from apple directly. This was my first from amazon, and i was not disappointed. The notebook was flawless, not a single scratch on it. second, all the accessories where flawless as well, not signs of usage. When i powered on the notebook to verify usage, the battery had cycled only 3 times, meaning it was still in new condition. Very highly recommended seller. Thanks for a pleasant transaction."
1224,"This laptop looked new, straight from Apple store."
1225,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen arrived damaged, what a scam.!"
1226,"Although I was very skeptical about purchasing a ""refurbished"" MacPro, after reading the reviews for this company, I made the purchase.  The MacPro arrived earlier than expected, expertly wrapped, included Apple certified, and in NEW condition.  There is no way I could tell it was not new or refurbished.  The price was the best I could find after researching other sellers.  I would highly recommend iPower Resale Inc to anyone looking for a MacPro.  Their customer service is exceptional.  Thank you for a great product!  5*****"
1227,"When I looked at this product it only had one review and it was a bad one... I then checked all the other products the seller sold and the reviews were excellent, needless to say I took a chance and ordered this MacBook Pro 2019. It arrived before anticipated and it was securely package. I AM SO GLAD I took a chance on them because this MacBook is amazing! Now I’ve waited a couple months before reviewing it to make sure it works. The MacBook looks brand new, it didn’t have any dents or scratches. It works and performs like a new MacBook. I had to contact the seller over the a small issue with the charger and they went above and beyond to correct the issue.Excellent customer service excellent product. I recommend this seller to anyone!"
1228,"I got my new MacBook Pro M1 two weeks ago and could not be more happy with it. This machine is absolutely incredible in terms of speed, looks, weight/size, display, and battery life - and texture (it feels so good against the skin on my wrists as I type) and basically anything else you can think of. I also love the space gray color, the new keyboard, the Touch Bar, and the larger trackpad. There are so many options to customize the system to work just the way I like.My previous MacBook was the 2011 model and it still works today, but after 10 years it became too slow and the trackpad had trouble clicking, so after a TON of research, I decided to pull the trigger and get the New MacBook Pro with the M1 chip.A couple suggestions I am able to give after spending almost two months and probably over 30 hours researching the new MacBook are: go with the standard model of 8gb of RAM and the 256 ssd - you can get this on Amazon for $1239 vs $1299 at Apple - so you get to save 60 bucks, and you have the added satisfaction of not having to deal with the snobby nerd losers that work in the Apple Store, who asked me rudely when I went in to get a new laptop ""umm, do you have an appointment? Well, you're going to have to make an appointment if you want to go in the store"". I love Apple products and will never use another phone or computer besides the iPhone and MacBook, but after that experience I will never again give my business to the physical Apple Stores. I mean, seriously, do you really need me to make an appointment to buy a $1300 laptop? Whatever dude.Anyway, in several YouTube videos that compared the 8GB ram model along side the 16GB ram model (costs 200 bucks more), the 8GB performed just as well in nearly every task - and they really pushed it to the limits. The only reason to pay up for the 16GB RAM is if you want to edit 8K UHD videos or are a super serious music recording artist or highly advanced professional photographer - and even then it's not too much of a difference. For the every day user (me or basically anyone who is not a computer professional) the 8GB working with this new M1 chip is mind-blowing, blows any other laptop on the market completely out of the water, and actually even performs just as well as the $2200 15 inch MacBook Pro using the Intel chip. As far as the storage goes, 256 ssd is standard - that's what I got - and you can pay 200 bucks more for 512 ssd or 400 bucks more for 1 TB. But with the Cloud storage available now, you don't really need to keep much on the laptop drive, you can just save it to the cloud.Overall I honestly could go on for hours about every little detail that I absolutely love about this machine. A free one year subscription to Apple TV is also another little perk. But I am still mystified every day at how incredible this machine is. I've been online for over 3 hours now and its still on 92% battery. The new Retina display is brilliant. Everything is perfect. I truly am in love this laptop and would recommend that anyone looking for a new laptop to last a long time and outperform everything else on the market gets the new matchbook 13 inch M1."
1229,I bought my Mac from Apple directly not from Amazon. This thing is amazing. Battery life is awesome. Hard to believe that I can work with it all day and do not have to charge at all even with bright screen.No issues with speed at all. I use Matlab a lot and this computer is even slightly faster than my desktop with 12 core AMD CPU and 32 GB ram.Excellent machine. Happy I bought it.
1230,"I own over 50 computers and it blows away my 11th gen Dell XPS 13 i7, My surface Book 3, my Ryzen 7 Thinkpad. the first week I got it the battery lasted for 5 days and 22 hrs of use and still had 20% left. I felt guilty and charged it. The Geekbench 5 rating beat all those listed laptops and they had 16 or 32GB of memory and the MacBook Pro M1 had only 8GB of unified memory. The keyboard felt great, the sound was superb, the screen bright, and it was blazing fast in all I did. I'm an IT consultant and deal in Windows based databases and this Mac has now become my daily go to system at home. It has become my new front end."
1231,It's a Mac once you go Mac you never go back. This is my second Mac my first lasted almost 9 years.
1232,Dead at arrival.... kernel error. Took it to the Apple store they told me looks like a hardware failure and to send it back to Amazon.
1233,"I'm going to preface this review with the 1 thing I dislike so we can get that out of the way.I mean let's be honest, that's what most people are looking for when buying a product-the down sides.It has a standard 3.5mm headphone jack EVEN THOUGH apple quit using that on it's handheld products years ago.Not that I care, it's good that they include the 3.5mm jack-but how come they didn't include one for their lightning connector that their headphones come in out of the box? Forces you to either change to a standard headphone jack or BT headphones (probably trying to push their AirPods line).Other than that, I have no issues. It's fast, efficient, reliable and easy to use. If your familiar with iOS on these then it'll be a great addition to the tech team you have at home."
1234,"I love my new MacBook Pro!!  It’s the 13” and not too small. It’s very lightweight!  It’s so fast!  I was using an older MacBook Pro from mid 2012. It worked well, just so slow. This one flies!!  I was disappointed that there are no USB ports or CD player. I spent about $65 at Best Buy and got an adapter that works very well!!!"
1235,The battery lasts forever and its fast. My last macbook had a pretty good battery and worked very well for years too.The M1 does allow for dual external monitors and there are two usbc ports total. These two things can be worked around with dongles and a video hub but now I have $200 worth of accessories and a tangled mess on my desk.How is a 2020 Mac not compatible with dual monitors but my 2005 HP works great with the same monitor setup?!? I really can't get past that.Get the intel version with 4 USB ports and you can use it in your Covid home office out of the box.
1236,"There is no fix for this, and now it can't be returned.  All that money wasted!!! There is a vertical black line on the screen.  I tried to fix it using tips from youtube videos and none of it worked.  Proceed with caution!"
1237,"I really wanted to love this laptop. I've had only Macs for years. This was supposed to be an upgrade from my 2014 MacBook Air. I previously had a 2020 16"" intel based MacBook Pro for work configured with two HP monitors. No issues with the monitors and connected instantly with zero effort to get the screens to work with the laptop. Bought this one and connected to my Belkin hub for the HDMIs. Would only connect a single monitor. Googled the issue and found that the new M1 apple chip only supports a single monitor. News to me and I guess I should have researched more. However the low rating stems from the fact that this is a PRO laptop. A professional would want two monitors and should not have to google whether a PRO laptop supports more than 1 monitor when the intel version does seamlessly. Despite this I had planned to keep it and just deal with 1 monitor because of the cost savings over buying the Intel based MacBook Pro and wanted the longer battery life. Now brings me to the issue that made me return the laptop. This laptop just would not configure to show a clear resolution with my monitors. The scale was off and the display just stayed blurry no matter what setting I changed it to on the monitor or the laptop's settings. Tried and tried and just gave up. Returned this and ordered an Intel based 13"" MacBook Pro. No issues, supports dual monitors, and seamlessly integrated to the laptop. No blurry screen and no having to set or change any settings to get it to work. I am floored that Apple would produce a Pro for business that only supports a single monitor. I love Apple but will not buy anything with their chip until the kinks are worked out."
1238,This is by far the best laptop ive ever owned! The laptop came with 0 scratches and only 16 battery charges on it. It even came with the apple box and stickers! Highly reccomend for the price. $850 is great for a 2019 macbook air.
1239,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Everything I expected and more! Just like brand new!"
1240,I love this laptop so so much. I think everyone should get it. The model is between 2018-2020 and the one I got had the Touch ID on it! Everything was very easy to set up and is in such great quality!
1241,"Received in a timely manner.  Will review in a couple weeks.Well, it's been over 2 weeks since receiving my MacBook Air and I have to admit that it has proven to be worth it's price. The Retina display is phenomenal and it's compact chassis is just what I was looking for. I am not a power user, so I didn't need major memory capacity. The speakers are, surprisingly, crisp and clear for such a slim build. The fingerprint scanner is quick and a huge convenience. I am (or was) a long-time PC user and resisted getting an Apple, but the transition was smooth and Apple's claim to fame for being user-friendly and intuitive proved true. If you are looking for a compact, yet capable laptop with QWERTY keyboard, I would recommend this product."
1242,"After having the laptop a few months, I can say my leap of faith to buy an amazon refurbished was worth it BUT I had to work a little bit.  It didn't arrive perfect and it still isn't perfect.  There is a tiny white dot on the screen where some pixels died (I guess) and when I first got it, I had to call Apple support to get iMessage and Facetime to work on it.  Then I had to take it to the Apple store to get the keyboard fixed as some keys would not work.  Thankfully, I had Apple Care on it so the cost to get it shipped off and fixed wasn't bad.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I recommend this seller, but I will probably buy new next time."
1243,"** I have only had the laptop for a week, this review is only based off of the time I have had it**I was so nervous to buy a refurbished computer but this came like it was brand new. New packaging, new charger, spotless laptop. I was worried the battery would be bad and wouldn’t hold a charge. I was wrong. I downloaded over 12,000 photos and was on it nonstop for over 2 days without even having to charge it. I am in love with this!!!"
1244,"As in the description exactly, thank the seller for the fast shipping and good packaging"
1245,I love this laptop and I’m really happy with all the features. Would definitely recommend.
1246,Exactly as expected. Great value.
1247,"The product made a loud buzzing/grinding airplane-type noise as soon as it finished setting up which was truly deafening. I presume it was the fan producing this aggravating sound. No programs were running and the room was approximately 68 degrees Fahrenheit so overheating should not have been an issue. Since no computer should ever sound like a coffee maker at any time, I must conclude that it was defective. Return to sender."
1248,Exceeded my expectations! Some of the reviews had me a bit nervous but I can’t tell you how happy I am! The laptop is on almost brand new condition! Only 1 TINY nick on the front (you can’t see it unless your looking) and it was perfectly ready for me to set up my account! No issues or problems! It comes in a box perfectly protected and has the charger to go with as well👍🏼 So happy with it! Thank you!
1249,"I was so excited because this laptop came in perfect condition. But when I tried to change the unsername to my name it wouldn’t work. 3 calls to Apple later, and I find out this computer is owned by a school that can remotely access my laptop at any time. Meaning, if they wanted to they could shut down and erase my laptop. Amazon gave me a full refund but I am very sad and disappointed"
1250,"All in all, the laptop works great! It runs fast, it’s clean, and it’s perfect for what I needed it. The one disappointment I have it they claimed this product as a catagory A which means like new. When it arrived, the screen had two scratch marks on it that was discolored from the rest of the screen. I would understand like new for any other part to have a scratch, but the screen is a big deal and it should have mentioned that in the details."
1251,"This MacBook Air is amazing!  I had been previously using a 2007 MacBook Air and it was time to upgrade.  I have never purchased refurbished before so I really didn't know what to expect, though was greatly concerned.  Needless to say that this laptop heavily exceeded my expectations.  Other reviewers stated that their MacBook was not as described, though mine looks brand new.  The keys are still crisp and clean, the screen immaculate.  There are a few light scratches on the outside of the computer (mostly the underside), but it is very minimal and unnoticeable.It runs like a dream, though I have only begun using it.  I will update should the computer have any issues.  It is an early 2015 with 4 GB RAM and its OS is Sierra.  I wanted to share that, as I found the Q&A to be a little confusing on that point and other reviews didn't really mention it."
1252,"When I received this package, I was thrilled...until I tried to turn it on and got a “low battery” notification...for 16+ hours. Turns out the cord provided (not a Mac product) is not the correct wattage to charge this device. It’s hard to tell at this point if the computer is faulty or not now that I’ve purchased a new cord from Best Buy, but it shuts down as soon as it’s disconnected from power. The screen is pretty floppy, too- falls back without provocation. All of which seem like things that should have been mentioned in the details before I decided to purchase.After taking this computer to the Apple store, I was informed that the issue was indeed the battery- completely bad and had to be replaced. Again, something that I wish I had known before purchasing. It is in working order now, but doesn’t meet my standards of what “certified refurbished” means, and product details lacking for sufficient purchasing knowledge ahead of time."
1253,"It said I had to do an update. When I hit the only update allowed it said the latest version was already installed but it wouldn’t let me go foward.  Also the screen seemed loose.  So if it was cleared out they never installed the new software correctly. So it wouldn’t let me even get to the main screen.  Others had luck but I did not.Also when I plugged the power bar in. It had a bit of a shock come out. As an electrician, I know that was a big no no.  I was willing to spend the money and get the correct power cord. But with everything else. I thought that’s already 3 strikes. No thanks."
1254,I was very hesitant buying a used MacBook from Amazon but it turned out great! Looks new and works amazingly. You will receive exactly what was described. I have no complaints!
1255,"Good quality, arrived early. As-new condition. Easy to install from my old machine via time machine backup. The old one was a 2010, now we are good for another 5-7 years.Thanks"
1256,I have been struggling with this product since day one. I am not getting responses from the seller OR the extended warranty repair company.I have never had trouble with Amazon before. Every issue I have ever had has been settled with ease and courtesy.This has not. Made more devastating as it it is the largest purchase I have had and the product has been unusable almost since day one. We sent it to the extended warranty place who said they fixed it but it still doesn’t work.We have spent hours at Apple doing diagnostics and it is simply not functional. To repair it would cost more than I paid. They do not think that the parts it was refurbished with are even Apple parts.This was a terrible product and not worth the money.
1257,"I bought this Mac and it came with a non Apple charger, I bought this as travel computer, sure enough in the first week while I was in Europe I had to buy am authentic Apple charger at $117. Now a month  later my Mac has died. It was having issues as in when I tried to maximize the scene with Netflix it would just shrink to a 3x5"" screen volume,  also the screen had been replaced before I bought it and is not well attached, very disappointed, I bought this last summer, but only started to use it in October when I was traveling, so I spent close to $700 for a Mac that lasted 2 months, return and replacement window has ""closed"" so I am stuck with a hefty repair bill."
1258,"Was very iffy about buying refurbished but it’s honestly like new! There are a couple of LITTLE scratches but nothing noticeable! Compared to my friends MacBook Air that she paid 1100$ for and they are the absolute same. Best $500 I’ve ever spent. & the company is AWESOME! The charger didn’t work as soon as I got it & I emailed them. Within an hour I had an email from them and they were sending me a new charger, thankful my friend had her charger that I used until I received mine but the battery last like 2-3 days so it wasn’t that bad."
1259,"Seller: IT5050Wowie! My son wanted an Apple Computer for Christmas and I was not about to spend $1000+ on a laptop for a 11-year-old boy. But a refurbished MacBook was definitely priced more appropriate for him. This computer is AMAZING people!!! Looks so clean and new. Only a couple faint scratches on the bottom, the keyboard looks like it was hardly touched, screen is clear and no burn marks in it, plus the battery is great. The seller was so awesome to get me this gift in time for Christmas, they are quick to respond to emails and followed up to make sure it was delivered afterward. (seriously, the nicest people!) I had purchased another renewed MacBook from another seller, and their level of quality wasn’t as good, by far. I wish I could pre-select a quality grade for the laptop (excellent, good, fair, etc.), so it is a little scary just leaving it up to the unknown. I work in the retail business and I like to applaud small companies who sell quality products. Do yourself a favor and go here, they gave me a laptop that is stellar and eased my worries about a refurbished laptop. It really looks so good and is operating perfectly. This is such a smarter way to buy a computer, especially for kids, or if you like to have the pricier brands without spending the high price. – Happy Mommy!"
1260,"Wow! Bought this from TECHarvard and was claimed to be Certified Refurbished, which according to the Amazon description should show limited to no signs of wear.  Well the device that I received not only was pretty scratched on the bottom, had a huge ding on the corner of the top cover, but the keyboard showed more signs of wear than the MacBook that I've had for 5 years(Space bar was completely warped).  Definitely does not resemble a new device in any way shape or form.  If they are selling used devices, call them used and mark the price down accordingly.  This is definitely going back."
1261,"Overall the laptop is nice. A couple of marks on the outside but works relatively well. There was an issue with the battery that originally came with it. It would shut off around 65% battery life. I asked the seller for a replacement battery, which they gave to me free of charge. However, the replacement battery is not originally an Apple battery and instead a knock off. This issue prompted it to restart randomly no matter what the battery life was at. I’m putting the original battery back in and having Apple replace it with the appropriate battery for an additional fee. I got what a paid for and I won’t make the mistake of buying a refurbished Apple product from anywhere other than the Apple store again."
1262,This is the BEST purchase I’ve ever made! The laptop 💻 arrived on time and in MINT condition. It functions beautifully and works flawlessly for my personal and business needs. I would recommend this seller to any & all I know who are in the market for reliable and affordable devices.
1263,"Battery doesnt work! I travel to another country with the laptop and web I turned on and unplug it, it shuts down! And in Battery Options appears ""Replace now"". How you can help me? I'm in Ecuador now and wont be back in a year!"
1264,"I love my new MacBook Air, it came as expected (relatively like new condition). This my first Mac and I’d purchase it again refurbished, you save greatly and get almost the same product 😀"
1265,Bought certified refurbished ended up with a unit with a screen covered in dead pixels. I contacted apple to see how much a screen replacement should be more I'm looking a repair cost more than I paid for the laptop.
1266,"DO NOT BUY!!! I purchased this computer for about two month and one day I couldn’t turn it on after it goes into sleep mode for a long time. It just wouldn’t turn no matter what I do, I tried every single method out there. I had to press the power button a hundred times for it to finally turn on. But after a while even that won’t work. The computer is just dead. I had to take it to the computer store and they told me it costs $434 to fix it!!!! Even though I actually paid to get it fixed I recommend everyone do not buy!! It’s not worth the money and will cost you more!! The guy in the computer store told me that there is corrosion inside the motherboard and in order to fix it it costs a lot of money ($434). I am truly upset and wished I would have just bought a brand new one from apple that’s the newest version and which will cost me less than what I spent on this computer!!"
1267,"The laptop worked great the first week. Eventually, things started to decline and quickly.  I would constantly have to change the time clock, and that would prevent many apps from working properly or not at all. I also discovered that my webcam did not work. I asked customer service if I could get a replacement laptop, and they gave me a website to help me fix it myself. It did not work. Also, the computer would start dying very quickly, even after a full charge. I would also not start up automatically, even with the charger plugged in. I had to press to start button almost endlessly for it to just power on. Eventually, it just would not cut on at all, even with the charger plugged in. It’s completely dead. Apple says that it should cut on with the charger plugged in if it were a battery issue, so it’s definitely something wrong with it beyond that and it will cost upwards of $400 to fix. I’m totally bummed. It did not even last a year."
1268,"BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER, SHE IS 70 YEARS OLD AND BARELY USES THE LAPTOP.THE SCREEN IS IN THIS STATE, APPEARS TO BE PEELING! VERY BAD!!"
1269,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Note: My purchase was completed through Kanga Supply for this item that ultimately doesn't function as intended.Amazon Renewed item descriptions indicate that the products should work and look like new, which wasn’t the case for this purchase, ergo my poor rating. After only having the Macbook for less than a day, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the product no longer functioned as intended.CONSThe Macbook worked fine for the first hour or so of use, but during an update, the screen flickered vigorously (see video). I hoped it was just a fluke, and it led me to believe there may be some software or hardware-related issue. After having the Macbook for less than 12 hours, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the screen flickering caused the laptop to become unusable (see picture). I also came here to draft a review in hopes that my issue is resolved quickly and effectively. I'll update my review once this is complete.PROSAfter removing the laptop and inspecting the outside, I was pleased. The outside of the Macbook is in good condition, just one or two visible scratches or marks.The charger was not the original Apple charger (as other reviews have indicated) but an OEM adapter. I don’t care that much about whether it’s an Apple charger, as long as it functions.Specs match the advertised item I purchased:128GB SSD8GB ramEDIT/UPDATE: After reaching out to the seller as instructed with the Amazon Renewed products, I never got a response in the allotted timeframe (2 business days) and was forced to reach out to Amazon directly. Ultimately, this item was returned for a refund.UPDATE 2: Today is 1/13/2020 and I have still yet to see this problem resolved to my satisfaction (refund or exchange of working product), after having ordered this product on 12/26/2019. Highly disappointed both in Amazon and the third-party seller.UPDATE 3: Received a replacement Macbook on 1/15/2020. So far it seems to be working, no issues with the screen per the previous item received (was NOT the same item sent back, verified by serial number). Pleased so far with this item."
1270,"The 2015 Macbook Pro is still, in my opinion, the best Macbook even in 2019.  I use the SD card reader all the time and have several USB 3.0 devices.  I also use a newer 2017 quad-core i7 for work (no choice) but the difference in speed is not worth the added money and lacking ports.  When I actually put the newer 2017 to work, the heat issue is still a challenge for Apple and performance drops.  It's like having power that I can't actually use unless I sit in a walk-in freezer. Don't quote benchmark speed tests to me, what counts is actual performance sitting at my desk for hours at a time working on a project. I also prefer the magsafe power (although this one uses the magsafe II which I like less than magsafe I which had a more solid connection) This one, I purchased for my wife and it handles everything she needs it to do. Although you can't upgrade the memory on these models, so make sure you get enough for what you need.  If you want to change out memory, then the best choice is the Mid 2012 non-retina model which also come with DVD drives and has USB 3.0 ports."
1271,"First off, I am removing a star because they shipped a counterfeit 60W Magsafe 2 charger with my order. I contacted them immediately and they offered to accept a return of everything. I explained that the charger was my only complaint and they overnight FedEx'd a genuine Apple replacement for free.""we sent you the wrong adapter for this batch of order and will overnight you the correct genuine one.""So they knowingly ship counterfeit chargers with some of their orders?The computer is pretty good cosmetically and operationally, but not as great as other reviewers. It is an Early-2015 12,1 model, this one was built in 12/2016. There is a crease over the right USB port from somebody yanking a USB plug. The battery has 107 cycles (89% life left). Keyboard and display are in great shape with no flaws. The SSD has no dead cells. It came with MacOS 10.13 installed.Overall its a good laptop and decent refurbishment job.EDIT: Knocking off another star. They sent me another counterfeit charger. Apple would never loosely jumble the cord in the box, a genuine power supply doesn't stay powered on for several seconds after it's unplugged from the main or stay lit green/orange after its unplugged from the laptop and this fake only puts out 25 watts max."
1272,"I really feel like I got a great deal on this, mine arrived in brand new condition and it looked like it had never been used. I did see some people had bad experiences but mine was well worth the price tag. The only negative was that the charger provided is third party and not OEM Apple. The box is also generic and not Apple, not a big deal but you just don't get that same feeling opening it up as a new product. I will say that I checked the serial number on Apple and the computer itself was only a couple of years old, so in reality I paid around $450 for an Apple that was only a couple of years old with a decent amount of battery life still left. I only bought this as there was certain tasks that I could not do on my iPad and so I did not need a brand new super powerful computer. This one is great, does not get hot, fans are silent and the display looks incredible.Overall I was very happy with the purchase, it came fast and was like new condition at the fraction of the cost of a new one. I actually waited a few months before writing this review so that I could also include that I have had no issues at all in that time, battery lasts a decent amount of time and no software or hardware issues to report. It also runs the latest OS that I updated it to and I believe it will be supported software wise for some time to come. Completely worth the price!"
1273,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The Macbook came in working condition with all original components and an OEM charger but not with the extension cord. The major downfall is the condition of the laptop, for the above average asking price for this model I expected great condition as it is stated to be like new but instead the model I received was in okay condition (not cleaned either, large collection of gunk in hinge vent) at best with a lot of edge scratches and deep cuts throughout the chassis, and some unremovable stains from stickers! And worst of all the battery was at over 500 cylces, the battery life was 4-5 hrs max! thats horrible for whats suppose to be a renewed device! Not satisfied!EDIT:  Avoid this entire listing especially from the seller ''Easymobiledevices'', they ship dirty grade b laptop and have poor costumer service."
1274,Once i started running it all sort of problems arises. First major problem is wifi drops off and will not let you connect to wifi. After this happens you cant even turn on/off the wifi. Used guest and still no wifi. Restarting or shutdown and restart will not activate wifi. If you restart it takes so long to reboot. Sometimes it get stuck on the waiting wheel on startup. One out of ten restart wifi will work for a minute but then drops off and you will no longer be able to connect again. I cant say anything physically because it looks fine. Lastly beware it shows and says freshly installed mojave os but it has instead sierra installed. The power cord looks like an imitation and not the original one because from the weight it is not the original one. I can tell because i have multiple macbook at home and that is not the original one. I am pretty disappointed with this seller.
1275,"I’ll update 15 days from today.CONS:-Delivery packaging: it was a regular box with one thick bubble wrap to protect the laptop.First glance, the charger seems pretty beat up but seems to work fine.-The outer top of the laptop has a lot of scuff marks and scratches. Sides do as well. Nothing TOO severe.-Bottom have some scratches and wearing on the rubber, not too noticeable.PROS:-Had a full battery-Set up went smoothly with no hiccups.-Outer signature glowing Apple works well.-Opening the laptop, the screen has no visible scratches, cracks, or scuffs at all.-Keyboard has no loose keys and is glowing well.-Trackpad has no scratches and works really well no weird working sides SO FAR.-Software automatically updated to Catalina, kinda wanna wait to update to Big Sur.I’ll update March 13, 2021"
1276,"Still a GREAT LAPTOP, arguably the best MacBook Pro 13” ever made, 2 or 3 iterations later! I have had mine for 3 months now and although I was a little disappointed that I got a no-brand MagSafe power brick instead of an Apple brand, it’s caused no problems for me. I have been using Logic Pro X a lot and it runs nice and smooth even with the haphazard way I use it, leaving muted unused tracks all over the place as I learn about things like track bouncing and experiment with every single effect and different audio formats (I feel bad sometimes like I am unnecessarily abusing the laptop, lol) and I haven’t frozen or crashed at all. I have used a few emulation programs for old Saturn, Super Famicom, PS and Dreemcast games that push the 2D sprite and parallax scrolling envelope and again I haven’t had any problems. Only thing I have experienced that has been an issue is the actual Mac OS and it’s limitations with regard to formats, programs that it supports and connectivity with outside developers but I have also been able to get around that by setting Virtual Machines up and GUID partitioning to use whatever other OS I need. This is also not a complaint about the hardware itself but rather the Mac OS software so should not be considered when it comes to the actual MacBook Pro 13”.You will want to upgrade to an NVME M2 SSD at least 256 GB or 512 GB right away, as the 128 GB SSD will fill up within 2-3 months of moderate use and the newer M2s will increase the OS loading speed more than anything else. Luckily you have your pick of great SSDs like the Samsung 970 Evo, etc that you can easily swap in with a $5 adapter, a screwdriver and no soldering (just search YouTube for “MB Pro 13 2015 SSD upgrade”)…The unique things and PROS about this MB Pro 13” are the older style KEYBOARD that doesn’t break like 2016-later model keyboards do, 2 USB 3 ports, an SD CARD R/W and a FULL SIZE HDMI PORT all built in. This is the last MB Pro 13 with any of those ports on board and the fact that you can swap SSD hard drives with no soldering and very little skill needed, all-in with the M2 you get a sexy little powerhouse for half the price of the newer model Pro 13”s (1/4 price of current gen)! The rest (CPU, onboard graphics, sound/speakers) make this laptop a must have that will likely only appreciate in value $$$!Two Thunderbolt 2/miniDisplayPorts are useful if you want to setup 2-3 Screens, but the CONS Are that you get NO ThunderBolt 3/USB-C ports and more and more adapters and devices require that connection these days, though with the USB 3 ports there are ways around it, complicated as they may be. You also CANNOT UPGRADE RAM unless you know how to de-solder the current ram and solder up new ram (accepts up to 16GB DDR-3 in 2X8GB formation) and setup the machine to accept the new ram, which seems a recipe to completely destroy the board/laptop without at least some Mac building & Mac hardware programming know-how, possibly even special equipment.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE MODEL WITH THE AMOUNT OF RAM YOU NEED BUILT IN & a CPU that will be sufficient for you and you won’t be disappointed with this awesome little 6 year old laptop! Don’t get the 4 GB model even if it will “work” for you “short-term”! I got the 8GB/i5 2.9Ghz/128GB and I already regret not paying another $100 for the 16GB ram model, but c’est la vie.Just buy this MacBook Pro 13” while you can, replace the SSD as soon as possible, enjoy it, keep it another 5-10 years and you will likely be able to triple your investment by reselling it assuming Apple stays on their current trajectory with their MB Pro Hardware releases!!!"
1277,"Hi, I bought this Macbook Pro 13"" early 2015 and received last week on Aug 23th. The laptop has a good appearance and doesn't have any flaws. However, the charger(45w) packed together with the macbook is not for macbook pro but for  Macbook Air. I just found out today, cuz when I use the charger(45w) laptop cpu temperatures goes up to 65-85 celcius. and I can't use more than 4 hours. But when I charge my macbook with Macsafe 1 (85w, which is for Pro), the cpu temperature keeps 40-50 degree, and it runs around 10hours. I want to change my charger into “MacBook Pro Charger 85w”. Thank you."
1278,I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.I can't use the Mac because the hard drive was not reset and the software on the Mac dose not allow you to use it.Also there was no charger.Again very disappointed.
1279,"Looks brand new, wrapped and sealed in Apple packaging. Plugged it in and turned it on and let it go. Absolutely no problems, it was automatic and wonderful to have the computer set itself up. Has performed flawlessly as expected of an Apple laptop."
1280,"The laptop arrived in fair condition.  The screws show signs of wear so it may have been opened up during the ""renewal"" process.  Old stickers were left on the bottom. Also, the laptop was shipped with a cheap knockoff Chinese charger.  I have no reason to trust this charger so I'll have to order a genuine Apple one instead.Fortunately I don't need this machine to be a workhorse or I would send it back.  This should survive a year at least but I don't trust it as-is - I will wipe the hard disk, NVRAM, and SMC just to be safe."
1281,Product was faulty. The charging port wouldn't hold the plug. I returned it. I don't think the refurbishing process is very competent.
1282,"This is exactly like the MacBook I was given for work that was stolen on a plane flight. No problems with this as a replacement so far, smooth sailing for 3 months already! I got the protection plan just in case, but I'm very satisfied with this cheaper than new replacement. Will update if there are any issues that arise. Would recommend."
1283,"Idk what I was thinking not having an apple in the first place. This laptop is very easy to use, fast, and I’m excited to see how productive I can be with this format. I feel free, nothing holding me back now!! Unlike old pc with unresponsive interface, slow speeds, and constant crashes, this one gives me no problems!!"
1284,This laptop was literally like brand new out of the box. So far my daughter is so thrilled with her graduation gift. She is ready for college now!!!
1285,"Our first ever Mac but so far its been quite impressive. It was easy to setup and get it going. It works well and very easy to use, turn on/off, carry around and day to day life. Wish the battery would last a bit longer."
1286,"BUYER BEWARE!I knew by choosing a refurbished computer, I was taking a risk, but I never expected this. When I received this MacBook Air, I was surprised it was the model Apple stopped making in 2017, since the title said “Newest Version.” I emailed the seller and they said Amazon forced that in the title and told me I could return it. I work full time, am in grad school, and have three kids. I figured with it being an Apple it would last long enough to get me through school, so I kept it. Now, six months later the screen won’t turn on. It’s completely black.I am able to connect to an external monitor and use the computer that way, so I know it’s the display. After trying to adjust the brightness, several resets, resetting the SMC and the PRAM, I called Apple Support. They ruled out all software issues and told me it had to be the hardware.At this point I contacted the seller and they basically told me “sorry, it’s outside of the 90 day window so there’s nothing we will do for you.” I have escalated to Amazon trying to get some kind of resolution. They just confirmed there is nothing they are willing to do for me. They also are not doing anything to penalize the seller, All Out Apple. I'm shocked at Amazon. Shady sellers like All Out Apple will always be around, but I really thought Amazon was better than Ebay in that way. Lesson Learned.There is no reason a MacBook Air should have a display of a completely stops functioning after six months of use, even refurbished. I’m grateful that I had a work-provided monitor I can plug into to do my schoolwork, but if I was aiming to be tethered to my desk, I would have bought a Mac Mini."
1287,"Got the computer two days early! this was probably the fastest delivery I've ever received from amazon. I wasn't going to buy refurbished but I really wanted another MacBook and shelling out $2k for a new one was simply out of the question. When I saw the price for this MacBook Air, I decided to roll the dice and buy it. I knew it could possibly come not as advertised, such as having scratches or not being updated as far as software is concerned but when I opened it up it was practically BRAND NEW! set up was simple as can be! only took me 5 minutes to sign in with my Apple ID and all my information was synced between my iPhone and iPad and onto the MacBook Air. There were a few minor scratches less than a couple centimeters on the bottom of the computer nothing that noticeable. the charger doesn't stick as well as I'd like and one of the hinges is half broken off but I've that same issue with practically every MacBook I've ever had. I was really surprised with the quality. it said 2017 version but with all the updates and new iterations its hard to gauge which MacBook your getting I thought I was purchasing a much older MacBook Air than what I got this thing is amazing and the 13 in screen is far larger than I expected it to be feels like a 15 or 17 in display when having it in your hands/ the computer itself is incredibly light, the main reason I chose the air you can carry it in anywhere with one hand and hardly feel it definitely much lighter than my 2020 iPad 11"" All in all if you're on a budget, this computer is the way to go! for $400 its practically brand new and runs like a dream! thanks amazon for this incredible refurbished Mac! love it !"
1288,"I don’t what to think I bought 2017 16gb 256 ssd but I received a refurbished 2019 8g 256 perfectly packaged, I can’t put apple care I already call for that but im not sure to keep it because I want a computer of 16of ram but this one is 2019, im gonna give the chance to see how it works, And it cost me the same price of a refurbished 2019 Of apple but those ones you can put apple care"
1289,"hola, soy de peru. Estoy contento con la compra, la compre por el precio, y me llego tal cual las especificaciones.(late2018,2.3gz,8ram,256ssd). la bateria llego con 350 ciclos aproxen cuanto a lo estetico, tenia pequeños arañones en un costado, pero nada grave, la pantalla intacta y el touchbar ok. el cargador sellado oem.califico la compra como 9/10."
1290,Got a few months out of this before the screen started disappearing intermittently. Then it wasn't so intermittent. I'd have much rather spent the extra money to get a new computer that didn't break than to buy something second-hand and have to decide to repair or replace.
1291,"Considering I was 100% ripped off, I would not recommend you purchase from this seller, I did not receive what I wanted, the serial number for a COMPUTER comes up as an iPhone 11... Just.. No."
1292,This computer was working fine and all of a sudden the screen went out.  Cost me $640 to fix it.
1293,"Delivery was super fast, considering I’m in South Africa. The laptop is simply beautiful, woks well, no complaints, I love it."
1294,"Positivo, EXCELENTE EQUIPO!!!"
1295,So far this was a steal. Great product for a great value.
1296,super machine
1297,The space key and some of the keys were not working As they are supposed to. Really sticky
1298,"Arrived, boxed well with balloon cushions. Power adapter looked clean but had scratches. Opened up the Lid of the MacBookPro and it looked like it had some sort of disease or cancer & it smelled quite strange too. It had over 50% battery so I carried on with a reset which resulted in an error. Luckily it booted back into Yosemite OS that it had installed years ago, after 3 failed attempts managed to update to Mojave. Of course first things first copy music etc onto, USB stick struggled to go in either of the USB Ports (look at the photos) was also stuck after insertion but managed to pull out, with a hard pull - full force - anger. Had a look into the ports and discovered they were literally rusted dirty like disgusting, this is not the definition of Refurbished - but 2nd Hand or Heavily Used. Be aware, set your expectations right in oder to avoid any disappointments."
1299,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I was super stoked upon arrival, began setting up the laptop and within minutes the screen stopped working. Literally pixels. Severely disappointed. I have gotten ahold of kanga and they are working to replace the device but it has now been over a week since I’ve purchased the unit with two day shipping and still have nothing to show for it. I hope they come through on their end and send me a functional unit."
1300,"I've only had it for about a week now and this 2015 MacBook Pro is working phenomenally! I was kinda hesitant buying a refurbished MacBook from Amazon, but I can honestly say I'm go glad I went ahead and did. It came extremely fast and right from opening the box, it was as if I had bought a brand new one right from Apple themselves. There's not a scratch, dent, stain, dust or anything on it. So far it's working extremely well and I will definitely buy form this seller in the future and recommend them to others as well! Great price for a great computer."
1301,"I’ve had this MacBook Pro going on 4 days and so far so good! It has met all my expectations and more. I grew up using windows PCs. This is my first Apple computer and I’m happy to have made the transition. Wish I did this long time ago but better late then never. If it wasn’t for the packaging and not being in the original box, I probably wouldn’t be able to tell this was refurbished. This is just based from my experience using MacBooks at the Apple store. Also, there was a few minor scratches on the bottom of the laptop.I will revise and change review in a month if any problems. But as of now, my review above is how I feel."
1302,"I've only had it for a couple days, but so far this is a great purchase. The thing looks brand new, and I know it isn't. I am replacing an older Mac and just can't afford the prices of new machines from Apple. Using Migration Assistant (an app that comes with Macs) I was able to restore a time machine backup from the old machine, so I've lost nothing in the transition."
1303,"When I ordered this product for the first time, it came with a green line on the screen. I contacted the costumer service, they responded very quickly and replaced it.The second computer came with better specs, I was the happiest person... for 2 months though, the computer suddenly stop responding.Other things that are worth saying:- The charger is generic. A generic charger can easily damage the battery of the computer, that could explain my problem.- The second computer they sent, had a sticker that covered the whole low part of the computer (those stickers that are the same color as the computer and are used to cover up very big scratches.Conclusion: they can deliver a great costumer service, but not a working product."
1304,"The macbook pro only worked for a short while. It had a charging/powering problem - wouldn't keep a charge at first, then wouldn't power on even when plugged in. Confirmed it was not a charger issue.I contacted the company who said to send it back for repair. Once they received it they wrote saying it cannot be fixed and charged me a ""restocking fee"" in the amount of the purchase of the laptop. Outrageous!! I even had a protection plan for it. After numerous interactions they refused to help and returned the laptop without telling me. THEN they said they couldn't do anything in terms of a refund because I had the machine. Months later they refuse to resolve it and amazon can't help me because it's a third party seller. An ABSOLUTE JOKE of a company. I'm out over $500.00 with a computer that can't be fixed - and Apple store said they could try but for more than the computer's worth. So yeah. They have my money and I have nothing.DO NOT BUY from these people if you'd like to keep your money."
1305,"Hey all! So I’ve gotten into photography lately and needed a upgrade from my old 2012 MacBook Pro and 2011 Asus laptops for editing. Figured a 2015 model would be the way to go for a decent upgrade without spending tons of money. I was super skeptical about buying a reconditioned one through Amazon after reading the reviews and thought about it for about 4 hours before I made the transaction. Next day it was at my door step with me a bit nervous about opening the package and seeing a beat up MacBook, I opened the box and the MacBook was in a bubble wrapped sleeve and that’s it. Okay I’m fine with that but what was the condition of it? Looks like it barely got used or the previous owner always had a case on it. Outside from a few nicks here and there it’s flawless. Turns on and is super quick, the Retina display is beautiful and definitely enjoyable to watch movies. It came with Mojave so the first thing I did was update it to Big Sur and it’s still flawless. I’ve only had it for a day if that but so far I’m happy with my purchase. Just be mindful yours may or may not be like mine condition wise I got lucky. Should you buy one of these? I would I’m pleased with my purchase and I’m sure you would be too. But I’ll update with any issues if they come up in the future. Thankfully I’m a bit tech savvy so whatever happens I’m sure I can fix it."
1306,"This of course this is an old model and reconditioned/renewed, so I was expecting it to look somewhat used; however, this MacBook Pro is in PERFECT CONDITION as if I had purchased it new. I'm upgrading from a very heavy and slow 2009 white MacBook that's a dinosaur and I could only do very basic things on it. It has almost zero capability in terms of battery life (it could only be used plugged in) so this laptop is an absolute gem in comparison. This might be why I'm so hyped and elated. Plus the price was very good. *I hope the computer doesn't have some sudden glitch and dies on me...lol!Now, I can finally edit my videos in iMovie, which was not working on the old MacBook, because I couldn't update it anymore. I need this laptop mainly for traveling, to do editing work, I have a 2 monitor PC set-up at home. My only wish is that I could transfer my Adobe CS to the new laptop.SIDE NOTE: it's actually overall a little smaller than my old 13"" (screen size is the same), it's not as heavy, but not as light as the Air; it arrived with Catalina iOS installed and I had to upgrade to Monterey to use the newest version of iMovie - this isn't a complaint, just an observation."
1307,"I bought for my mom, great deal (sort-of), works great (after I deleted 2 mysterious old unknown wifi connections)I bought this for my mom, she was always having Windows problems, viruses disguised as virus removal, scammy pop-ups, and so on.  Happy day!  :DThey raised prices during Prime Day, wth?  I thought I was getting a good deal, but afterward I noticed the price went down.  Anyway, I ordered this for my mom.  She's been using Windows and I wanted her to experience a Macbook Pro.  This one is actually even better than mine!  I'm still happily using a Late 2013 2.4 Ghz 8 RAM 256 GB 13-inch Retina, her's is exactly the same except it's a Early 2015 and it's actually got 2.7 Ghz!  Anyway she seems really happy with it.  I set it up for her, and ran the serial number, which was not found, not surprisingly although I'm not sure what that means, and the update page in the App Store looks like it was coded in 1995, so I'm not sure what's up with that.  Could be something funky going on, but all I know is it works and we're happy with it.  She's getting used to using it, and she says it's fast and smooth.  She was getting tired of all the Windows updates and virus stuff and all the spammy popups telling her to purchase a virus disguised as virus removal, yadda yadda yadda, so I am well-pleased that she is now almost a full-blown Mac-head.  Thanks Apple.  I hope to be able to afford an Apple car when they do come out, haha.  I'm not sure about the battery-life yet, but I HAD TO replace the battery on mine, so replacing it on hers should not be a problem."
1308,It’s just one continuous problem after the other with this computer. It’s really not worth it to save a little bit of money just buy new not refurbished have your warrantee you’re better off in the long run.
1309,For this being my first ever Mac- This was an amazing buy... no scratches or dents. Its basically BRAND NEW. 😝😝😝The only thing is that it says 512gb but the space says 256gb so be wary of that.But other than that I am really happy with my purchase.
1310,Good
1311,Love it
1312,"the product arrived with the screen broken. I would like a refund of $ 400 to repair it, since he is now in Brazil."
1313,So happy with this purchase. Even my kids said it looks like the new ones. Has some minor imperfections but at the cost totally acceptable. Would definitely purchase from this seller again.
1314,"I purchased through amazon this m1 chip 512 gb 8ram macbook pro 2020 year manufacture.  I’m a mac user of many years.  The computer is blazing fast, slim, light with great battery life. A huge bonus—-little need for additional  anti virus add on software since the macbook anti virus platform is very solid. A hidden gem when you buy any apple device is phenomenal tech telephone support.  The advisors at the apple stores and by telephone are the best part of the apple experience for me and even rival the devices they sell. Yes, I hate the high prices and know the game but over time I’ve  accepted their price points because of the incredible tech support."
1315,battery would not take any charge  stuck at 1%
1316,"I cannot believe the condition my Macbook is in, you can’t even tell if it’s used and the packaging was very nice and professional with the white box and wrapped just like it is when you get it directly from Apple. I am super happy with my purchase, thanks Amazon."
1317,"Good, but it is a little small.. easy to control. Recommend if you are hard to control your computer"
1318,Computer will not charge.
1319,"""Refurbished"" even though Battery life was non existent from the startup, always check the reviews on laptops to make sure they have over 200, cause then you won't be played by greedy ass people like I was"
1320,"Minor scratches , for the price reduction is a great buy !!!"
1321,Light weight
1322,"El producto reacibdiocionado en muy buen estado, funciona perfectamente y venía totalmente protegido y embalado. Muy satisfecho con la compra"
1323,"Looks and acts brand new. Everything exactly as advertised. Will update if I have any issues but after a week I can say, I am pleasantly surprised!"
1324,"This is an unusually large advance over previous models, especially in raw computing power, but also in fun things like screen and headphone support.This Amazon listing has two different processors, the M1 Pro (listed as 16-Core GPU ""style"") and the M1 Max (32-Core GPU). I'll call one the Pro, the other the Max. I got the base Pro, but much of what I'll say applies to both, and I'll have some comments specifically about the Max too. (MBP below = MacBook Pro.)Amazon doesn't offer most of the options you can get, only the ones listed. For now (and probably later), that's the Pro with 16GB RAM and 512GB or 1TB SSD, or the Max with 32GB RAM and 1TB SSD. 3 versions total.Screen Brightness* and HappinessThis screen can get up to 1600 nits brightness and can sustain full-screen brightness up to 1000. That's very impressive, as MBPs since 2016 have topped out at 500.*But the vast majority of the time, this screen will also top out at 500, because those other numbers are only for HDR (high dynamic range, what Apple calls XDR), i.e. some videos and some photos viewed in some programs. If you're browsing the internet, using productivity apps, or the like, those are almost all SDR (standard dynamic range). You'll be seeing them at the same brightness as with MBPs for the last five years.That said, the new screen is beautiful and bright in both HDR and SDR for most situations. For HDR, it puts out more color and brightness, and darker blacks - a million-to-one contrast ratio - with a wider range of light and color that has more pop and more detail in shadows and highlights. It can be dazzling or just more realistic.For SDR, it's much like before, still a gorgeous screen, with better contrast than before because of darker blacks.Has more pixels per inch (254, up from 226), and more pixels all over (3456 by 2234, up from 3072 by 1920). The aspect ratio remains 16:10 (not counting the top menu bar).ProMotionProMotion is Apple's name for screen refresh rates that can go up to 120Hz, or lower to save processor/battery power when 120 isn't needed. This makes motion smoother, more natural.For now where ProMotion applies is limited. Most scrolling in browsing, including with Safari, still tops out at 60Hz. Which is fine for me, but it bothers some people, looks choppy to them. This could be changed with a software update.Bloom and GhostsBloom is when a bright spot on a dark background bleeds out past where it's supposed to be, a common issue with this kind of screen. I and most others think this screen handles it well (better than the iPad Pro), but it can still arise some.Ghosting is when a moving object leaves a noticeable trail of ghost images behind for a fraction of a second, one for each new frame until the old image fades. MBPs are notoriously mediocre at this kind of ghostbusting, and this screen is no exception. Expect the usual haunting, if you notice that kind of thing.PWMFor those concerned (you mostly know who you are), there is PWM (pulse-width modulation) on the smaller 14"" version of this screen, and so very likely on this one too, at a frequency of 14,880Hz at all brightness levels (measured by NotebookCheck). That's a very high frequency, considered well beyond what would cause trouble for the susceptible.The NotchAs you can see in the main photo here, there's a black Notch at the top of the screen. There are no pixels there. The long-desired improved camera is there, and a mic array and light sensor (and maybe room for a Face ID system if they decide to make MBPs with that). As with the iPhone Notch, it's controversial.You can make the Notch disappear, or rather blend in, if you make the background up there black. It also disappears into the black bars when you view things like videos in full-screen mode.The cursor disappears into the Notch if you put it there. If an app has menu items that stretch there, they disappear too, but they'll still function normally if you put the (invisible) cursor on them.Desperate times call for desperate measures. Most apps won't have this trouble, but if you must, you can avoid menu items disappearing by using the ""Scale to fit"" function, which shrinks the entire screen work area a little to fit below the Notch. Makes it look like an old 15"" if the background is black, like there are wide black bezels. (Google ""Scale to fit below built-in camera"" for full instructions and mockery.)There are also third-party apps, such as Bartender, to manage how items appear in the menu bar and keep them visible.Camera and MicsThe new camera that, along with the thinner bezels, makes the Notch necessary, is 1080p, with an f/2 lens for good exposure in the shadows. Video looks noticeably better than before, though it can have a processed look.The three mics sound very clean and natural but with a little less bass than before to my ears, which is fine.Extra ScreensYou can use two external monitors with the Pro, down from four with previous models. They can be up to 6K @60Hz with a billion colors. The Max can still use four: three 6K and one 4K, all @60Hz etc.You can use 4K @120/144Hz HDR monitors too.You can run two from one port if you use the right kind of dock or daisy-chain.Headphone OomphThe new headphone jack has more power for high-impedance headphones. It automatically adjusts, so it won't overwhelm low-impedance phones. If the headphones have less than 150 ohms impedance, they get 1.25 volts RMS. If more, 3 volts. That might cause it to fail to provide enough power to some not-so-high-impedance headphones that still require extra power, such as planars.With my 2016 15"" MBP, I've had to use a portable amp for my Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pros (250 ohm), but now I can pretty well do without it, though sometimes only just. The volume on some sources is still not always what I wish I could make it. But now I can nearly achieve hearing loss with the intro to the guitar riff in ""Money for Nothing."" Which also sounds good, and healthier, a couple notches down.Among other headphones that have tested favorably with the new jack are the DT 990 Pros (250 ohm), and the Sennheiser HD650, 660S, 6XX, and HD800 (150 to 300 ohm).One report says the planar Hifiman HE4XXs (35 ohm planar) sound good, but most planars tested are said to need more power. The Audeze LCD-2Cs are reported to sound good enough, though not their best. The LCD-3s and Hifiman Sundaras and Aryas are said to be underpowered.For my usual regular-impedance phones, Cleer Flow IIs (16 ohm), the wired volume is a little louder than before, though still not always the earsplitting barrage I want for some sources. Maybe for the best.Quality iems (in-ear monitors) that require especially clean input, but not too much, reportedly sound good, including Andromedas and Moondrop Starfields.SpeakersThey're improved from the already laptop-leading speakers from earlier MBPs, with a fuller sound and decent kick, amazingly good for when nothing with a 3"" woofer is around.Apple mysteriously says the 14"" M1 has the same speaker system, but looking inside both machines shows the speakers in the 16"" are bigger - both ""subs"" and tweeters - and located differently, with the subs in the front corners on this one. The 16"" has fuller bass (such as it is).Heat and NoiseThere isn't any.None with my typical use, at least. If you push it hard, it can get warm, but not as hot as my 2016 15"". Which makes sense, as this has a larger enclosure, bigger fans, larger, better heat sinks, and more power-efficient processors. The fans don't have to spin up as much to do the same amount of cooling, so it's noticeably quieter even when it does heat up, rarely makes any noise at all.The 16"" Max comes with a larger heat sink than the 16"" Pro, so likely runs a little cooler and quieter sometimes, though the Max might get hotter when it uses a lot of that extra power.KeyboardVery quiet, much like the older Mac laptop keyboards, not the butterfly ones from 2015-19, but the rest. Maybe less travel in the keys than some of those, but plenty for me.I miss the touch bar sliders for fine control of some functions, but you can still use sliders via the Control Center, the icon next to the date on the screen's top menu bar. That's also where control of the keyboard backlight is, no more control for it on the keyboard.TouchpadThe best available by far, responsive and large so you can carry the cursor over a large area with more control. For clicks, it's great. For taps, which I turn off, it's not as great, according to those who prefer that - appears to be a software issue.PortsThere's one less Thunderbolt/USB-C port than before, but 50% more bandwidth (3 controllers instead of 2).The HDMI is 2.0, can drive up to 4K HDR @60Hz.The SD card reader is shallow, so the cards stick out. There might be room for a flush micro-SD adapter. I only have cards up to 64GB, which work fine. Some people have had trouble reading some cards, so it may be finicky.Battery LifeI usually keep plugged in, but the reviews I've seen that cover battery life tests typically say it's the longest of any similar machine they've tested, including PCs. Reports of battery life for office work, browsing, watching videos, and so on generally range from 10 to 16 hours, sometimes more. It can go unusually long with heavy use too, 5 hours or more of video work, for example. Max Tech did 10 benchmark and stress tests with it in a couple hours, some maxing out the CPU or GPU for up to ten minutes, and it still had 36% left.At normal settings, there's no performance hit until you get down to 3%; until then you can process or game at full tilt. There's a low-power mode that extends battery life by limiting performance, lowering screen brightness, etc. The Max also has a high-power mode, but it seems to only ramp up the fans sooner to help cooling. Apple's description and tests in reviews indicate it doesn't affect performance in any direct way.The Max has tended to have a little less battery life than the Pro in reviews. The only good tests I've seen that compared directly either found negligible differences or up to 15% less battery life for the Max. (Other tests haven't been well controlled.)You can quick charge to 50% in a half-hour. The new power brick is 45% more powerful than before, and maybe 30% larger lengthwise, still small for what it does. You can charge at lower speed with smaller bricks (not included) via the USB-C ports.Size and WeightIt's noticeably heavier than before, about 5 ounces over the previous 16"", and not quite as sleek, but it's sleeker than I was expecting from the photos.RepairabilityHa ha! But really, it's better than it was. Battery modules now have pull tabs so they can be more easily replaced. The screen can be replaced more easily, but if Apple doesn't do it you lose True Tone (which I don't want anyway). The headphone, Thunderbolt and MagSafe ports can be replaced without replacing the logic board. Now rates a 4/10 from iFixit for repairability, up from 1/10 for the previous model.CompatibilityComes with Rosetta 2, which enables M1 Macs to use programs written for Intel Macs, and usually works very well.There's no more Boot Camp, so to run Windows or Windows programs you have to use third-party software like Parallels, which runs Windows by emulating a Windows machine (and requires a Windows license), or Crossover, which modifies Windows programs to run on Macs.  Which works best, or at all, depends on the program.GamingWoW *mostly* runs 50 to 120fps at high settings and resolution, depending on the location. Some places can't even manage 50 at those settings, though, but do OK at more compromised settings. Baldur's Gate 3, Diablo III, CS:GO and several others can run at 60-100fps or better at good settings.You can play Windows games via Parallels or Crossover. They generally don't run as well, but some do fine.Most games, including native ones, run quite a bit better on the Max, with up to 2x the fps. Final Fantasy XIV is hit and miss at good settings even with the Max.Gaming isn't usually hot or noisy, can get warmer with light fans for the games that aren't running natively. And there's no noticeable performance hit for gaming on battery.WorkI have to mention the less fun part: how well this does things you might have to do at work. It does almost all of it better than before, much of it way better. Here's how it compares according to actual test results from numerous sources with Xcode, Logic Pro, Lightroom, Blender, Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, and so on. The range of comparison depends on what the task is.Previous base MBP 16"" (Intel i7 AMD 5300): The Pro is 60% to several times faster.Previous top-spec'd MBP (i9 5600M): The Pro is about the same to 2 or 3 times faster.Regular M1 machines (not M1 Pro or Max): The Pro is about the same to several times faster.The 14"" M1 Pro with same specs: The same, though the 16"" has the bigger battery and heat removal system, so it fares better in those ways.Windows laptop work stations: This is complicated, but the Pro can thrash most Windows laptops in most intensive work-related apps. It lines up very roughly with machines with a good i7/i9 and an RTX 3070, but generally can't keep up with the RTX 3080. The Pro uses a fraction of the power, and so only produces a fraction of the heat and noise, if any. And lasts and performs much better on battery.Pro vs MaxThe Max is about the same to twice as fast as the Pro, mostly between those extremes. The CPU is much the same, but the GPU is double the cores, so the main advantage is in graphics-heavy work.Besides the GPU cores, the Max has twice the bandwidth for memory transfer, two hardware video encode engines instead of one, and some extra cooling capacity.If you're already successfully using a Mac laptop, you don't *need* the Max, since the Pro is already better than what you have. But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from the Max's extra power if you have the money. For intensive video editing, massive photo editing, or better gaming (though cheaper Windows machines will play most games better), the Max has real advantages.To confuse things a little more, Apple (but not Amazon currently) also offers a demi-Max with a 24-core GPU, halfway between the Pro's 16 and the Max's 32. It's a cheaper way to get the extra bandwidth, video encoder, and cooling advantages of the Max. Tests show that in graphics-intensive tasks it operates roughly midway between the Pro and 32-core Max, often more than half, as expected.WarrantiesThis comes with a one-year limited warranty against manufacturing defects that includes free phone support for the first 90 days. If you want to also cover accidental damage (with deductibles) and extend the regular warranty and free tech support to 3 years, you can buy 

AppleCare+ from Amazon

   (link embedded) or Apple. You get 60 days from purchase to buy it, but coverage for accidents doesn't start until you do. (I always self-insure when I can, so I didn't get it.)DecalsLast and least, this comes with two black Apple decals, the sign of true professional Apple equipment."
1325,Out of the box unusable for me. This MacBook Pro does not have any USB ports to be able to restore from a previous Mac back up that’s on an external drive. You must buy an adapter. Since I live in a remote area I’d have to order online and wait. You cannot even plug a iPhone12 Pro Max directly into it. The only ports it has are thunderbolt. So even Apple’s own lighting connector needs an adapter. The keyboard is a downgrade from the old keyboard. Solid black plastic instead of plastic keys surrounded by aluminum which were easier to see. Had to call Apple support to download an update because there is no reset option in the System Preferences of OS Monterey. And the update did not work to give it that option. Will have to figure out a different option to remove my account and information to return it. This particular MacBook is defective I believe.
1326,I ordered the 2021 16 inch right away as I knew they would probably sell out fast. I had to make sure I had one for my trip I am leaving on soon.  As soon as I opened it the screen would never come on.  Thought maybe it needed charging so I tried that.  Still nothing but a black screen.  It kept making the sound when you open it up even when it was closed over and over again.  I took it to the local Apple Store hoping I could get some answers.  They tired to get it to work and could not either.  They said it is very strange and maybe something happened to it during shipping.  They said since it is brand new it would be best to get my money back from Amazon.  I thought maybe I could just exchange it before my trip but the one I ordered is out of stock.  I will try the 14 inch and see if I like it compared to the size of the 16 inch since it is in stock.  This is a first MacBook Pro I have ever purchased and now I am a bit nervous.
1327,"Here are the temperature results for the new cool MacBooks compared to the old overheating intel ones. 91 degrees for the old one near the processor, and 74 degrees on the new ones. Both had been running for hours transferring files nonstop. Amazing. I have been editing video, transferring large files and not once have the fans kicked on. Makes me want to cry."
1328,"Finally, this 2021 MacBook Pro cured my depression!"
1329,Arrived DOA - wouldn’t start up. Spent hours on the phone with Apple support and still wouldn’t start. Returned - c’mon man!
1330,"This laptop is unbelievably fast. Between the screen, battery life, and performance, this laptop is head and shoulders better than any competition."
1331,My first ever MacBook. Switched over from PC and I can't believe I didn't switch sooner! On the pricer side but I'm super happy with my purchase!
1332,"I have been using my MacBook Pro from 2014 for work until last week when I finally purchased this MacBook Pro. My old MacBook starts up and works as fast as the day I bought it. The only reason I bought a new MacBook was because the battery life was getting low. I probably could have just bought a new battery and it would have been fine.That being said, I did hold out for this MacBook because Apple brought back the ports that I needed. I use the HDMI and SD ports daily. An Ethernet port would have been nice but that’s asking too much. This MacBook has a 2 day battery life and is blazing fast. I use Adobe programs and this MacBook doesn’t even blink when I do live editing. Best laptop I have ever used.I own a business that uses many PC laptops and a couple MacBooks. A PC will never last as long as a MacBook. And, a PC ALWAYS gets slower after 6 months of use. The price is high but you can buy a new PC every 2 years or a MacBook every 7 years."
1333,"Coming from a 2019 16in, I feel that this generation is 2 steps forwards, 1 step back.Pros:-Fans are never audible even under full extended load!  This was my #1 issue with my 2019 mac which would have constant fan noise with 2 monitors.-2x battery life-Better screen especially in dark environment or a dark subject-Extremely fast for certain workloads such as video editing and code compilation.-magsafe is back (although I personally don't care for it)-most apps work normally with rosetta emulation, but may have some stutter.Cons:-thicker and SIGNIFICANTLY heavier.-Screen has a notch which is very distracting for me.-Still has some compatibility issues.-Terrible for games.  Only a few titles are supported natively.  I only tested league of legends(uses rosetta emulator), but it was choppy and 1/3 the fps of my 2019 intel macbook.- +$300 base price even though they got rid of intel.-The area I feel apple has made a major misstep is with ports.  I couldn't care less for SD card or HDMI, but everyone who buys this is going to need USB-A.  It's ridiculous that I still have to bring a dongle everywhere just to use my mouse but these ports I never/rarely use are back.Also some developer related tools/libraries aren't working.C# debugger is totally unsupported for example.  Anything that requires gpu hardware acceleration (pytorch) is unlikely to ever be supported in any usable form.  Linux dual boot is unsupported or in early experimental stages.  I also had issues building/running java projects natively, but no issues with rosetta.If you're looking to buy this for an undergrad program, it's probably workable.  However, I'd suggest saving some $ and getting a used mac or windows machine.  Professional devs will be aware of their specific requirements, but I suspect many will need to keep a secondary x86 machine for the foreseeable future."
1334,"I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13"" MacBook Pro to the 14"" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13"" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14"" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1"" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13"" model, but smaller than the 16"". I had a 16"" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14"" and 16"" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the ""form factor"" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the ""MacBook Pro"" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14"" and 16"" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13"" had the M1 chip and now my 14"" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13"" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27"" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13"" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14"" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max."
1335,"I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this."
1336,"M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about ""the notch"" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks ""sharp"" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks."
1337,"I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?"
1338,sent me base model
1339,"I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connects"
1340,"I never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it."
1341,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!"
1342,"This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the ""affordable"" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy."
1343,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Sheeeese! What can I say? Apple has done it again 🤪😍 magnificent piece of device I must say."
1344,"I pulled the trigger on this thing hoping that the bad reviews were wrong.. some of the comments saying it came dirty and defective definitely gave me pause however, what arrived today was practically a brand new macbook. the device does not show any signs of wear and the battery cycle count is 18, it came with the original power brick and while the cable was used, it was not worn or dirty in any way. While i've only just started using the device about an hour ago, I can tell you that it's speedy and works flawlessly... had I not known it was a refurb when buying it, I would have easily confused it for a brand new mbp.. for those asking, this is a 2017 macbook pro and the specs as quoted are accurate. i'll play around with this thing for a little while and update this review as needed, but so far this looks like a winner!***update***A few months in and it’s still working flawlessly. I don’t regret my purchase for one second, and neither should you!"
1345,This is not a 256GB MacBook Pro- they are falsely advertising it as such and then shipping buyers 128GB versions.
1346,"Came in used and dirty, and it was not even turn off, I'm gonna return it. So disappointed."
1347,"Wow. I cant say enough how happy I am with this laptop! I it arrived early, and for a refurbished computer I swear it doesn't have a scratch, dent, smudge or single flaw anywhere on it! Its fast, the battery is great, its working perfectly! I couldn't be happier with this thing!"
1348,"Was excited to receive it and on the outside it had one noticable chip in the case on the cover side (which had a sharp edge to it), but thought that isn't too bad.  But when opening it up the screen in both the top left and top right were broken/chipped/cracked like it had been dropped and they replaced the cover, but not the screen.  This was not acceptable.  Wanted to try it out and ended up learning that some of the keys did not work right (sticky, pushed strange and such), plus the touchpad/mouse was really strange and didn't seem to work correctly.  Too many issues out of the box for me and too concerned that there might be other issues from where it looked to have been dropped and such.  Sending it back and just started that process.  So far the return seems ok....but just hate that the product does not match the description...using their words ""Renewed products work and look like new""."
1349,"I ordered the space gray with 256 gb of ram and received a silver with 128gb.  I knew this could happen as the picture did not match the description and I had seen other similar reviews.The good news is it was on time and in flawless condition.  I think I will stick with it and not press my luck, as it is still a fair price and a great machine, but beware."
1350,"I have to admit, I don't typically write reviews and I was a little hesistant about the product due to some 1 to two star reviews. The space gray model not only is at a great price, it came to me brand new. With all the specs I was expecting, i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD, and works like a dream. Battery life is great, setting up was easy, and all my Apple Products (iPhone, Apple watch, Earpods) synced with no issues. I'm not sure as to why there were so many negative reviews, but mine is not one of them. SO HAPPY!! I truly recommend."
1351,the battery is dead
1352,"This product arrived quickly and looked great.  There have been multiple glitches with the power switch and with the screen ever since it's arrival.  Most of the time the power button would require multiple attempts to push before the computer would power up.  When the computer woke from sleep state (opening lid after its been closed for at least fifteen minutes) the screen would be black and then all pixelated.  Most recently, the computer wouldn't even turn on, when it finally did, it was all reset and all the settings were reset.  I lost everything I had put on the computer over the past day.  The seller still hasn't gotten back to me after email and I left a voice message.  I have now initiated a return as I want my money back.  It would have been nice if they had gotten back to me ASAP when I emailed or when I called (during normal hours of operation, by the way) and it went to voicemail.  The fact that they didn't and the computer kept coming up with other issues.  I now will buy a new one.  The value is not there with the aggravation generated."
1353,"Multiple reviews mentioned getting devices with used batteries, screen issues, etc.My laptop arrived through FedEx Express with questionable packaging. But everything was intact and fine. The laptop still had the plastic wrapped around it as MacBooks directly from Apple do, even with the screen cover. Only 3 battery cycles out of the box, with a new charger in the box. I am very satisfied with the purchase although in the Q&A section of this product someone mentions that this is a 2018 model, its not, its a 2017 (At least the one I received.) which for me isn't really a big deal since it arrived in exceptional condition. Highly recommend this MacBook."
1354,I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA. But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable. Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at home and making zoom calls all the time.
1355,"Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours. Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution & bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications (With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there will be a fix soon"
1356,"UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1 MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro - and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using ""swap memory"" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful. Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/A) - 2017 12"" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020 Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017 MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful when you have many GPU intensive ""Pro Apps"" running at the same time.I would never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or the dreaded beach ball ""not responding"" issues, or if you have non-Apple programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models, it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac."
1357,"The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it with a new one."
1358,"Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well."
1359,"I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13"" and a 11, both with the previous form factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution) and this new 13"" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great!  2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and looks good with the thin black bezel.  I usually don't go above 50% brightness.- KEYBOARD is good.  Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.  Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is fantastic.  Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC), etc., it has been great.  Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.- LOOKS GREAT.  Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few years old by now) design, looks and feels great.  Form factor is nice and it is a reasonable weight.- NO FAN.  That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap.  Pretty amazing really for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE.  It works great so far on what I have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a laptop using Apple silicon for the first time.  For just day to day use and things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super smooth and fast.  Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it is the base model with 7-core GPU.  Also, things like start up are noticeably faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27"" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH ID is great still.  Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons.  On the other hand, it should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual and a real reason to get this MBA.  Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not really need Face ID if you have the watch).  You can easily send/receive files using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay.  And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still sucks.  Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams, etc.  Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27"" iMac FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS.  Sad that this thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging, DisplayPort).  Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port for other use, pretty lame.  I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH (Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g. Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery.  Easier to have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute, especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem.  Love it so far!"
1360,No complains so far.  Very fast and performs great.  I had a 2014 MacBook Air and finally upgraded this year.  This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very happy with this upgrade.
1361,"Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new Apple M1 chip.  A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this computer, I have have found several things of concern:1.  my notification center keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2.  my computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS devices (iPhone & iPad).  If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will appear on my mac but not vice versa.  Reminders will not sync regardless of which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET.  THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!"
1362,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Bought this laptop bc i needed it for spring semester and i needed an upgrade from my heavy macbook pro. I go to work too so i needed something super light and thin i can just bring everywhere and slide it in my bag.I am obsessed with how fast this macbook is. The battery life is on point. I used it for movies and series at work and it lasted for 3 days. The processor is definitely sooo good. I open so many tabs at once and it has not lagged on me. The keyboard and trackpad is responsive.I love the color. The main reason why i bought this too. 😍😂I have no problems with it at all.Highly recommend"
1363,Opened my brand new $1000++ computer and the entire screen was cracked and destroyed. Awesome! Thanks Amazon.
1364,"Delivered to me within 12 hours of purchase... Sealed in original apple packaging with protective film, blemish free, not a scratch.. Mint.its powerful, Ive already loaded some big task audio software and broadcast software on it and its flying through the multiple processes together at ease... (Logic 10.5 / Traktor DJ 3.0 / OBS)Super light and portable, If this is a MacBook Pro then I can't even imagine how light the Air models are. Nor could I even imagine why you may need something more powerful. I am having to adjust to the new keyboard and Touch Bar, I keep hitting Siri and volume settings, even as I type this.id also recommend getting a keyboard cover as well.... I hear these keyboards go out sometimes and to repair it. This is no fault to the reseller, but I can't believe Apple with their price points don't offer a bigger SSD for the lowest price point.... 128gb is laughable so be prepared to buy an external SSD along with a Thunderbolt 3 / USB-C Hub to run hdmi, and various external accessories.Overall I love this computer so far, it was a nail biter as I rarely ever shell out $1,000 on anything but I'm very pleased and satisfied with my purchase. And I still cannot find a better deal on the internet, not even used on Facebook marketplace, letgo or craigslist....Five stars"
1365,So not worth it. All they want to do is take your money do NOT BUY THIS ONE! Its used and if you search apple on amazon they have brand new with higher stats for cheaper.
1366,"Just received this, but so far so good. It looks BRAND NEW. There are literally NO signs of cosmetic wear or damage. It arrived in a sealed apple box. I’m finishing setting up and I already love it. For just under $1,200 for a 2019 model, this is a GREAT deal!"
1367,"I really love my MacBook. I really love this laptop. I'm a huge MacBook fan and this works like new. So far I don't have a problem with the butterfly keyboard, but I heard bad reviews about the keyboard from watching YouTube videos. I think that they may have fixed the keyboard problem when they refurbished the product??? I'm not sure, but honestly this a really great laptop for a really great price. I do wish that it came in the original Apple box and packaging, but it wasn't far from the really deal."
1368,"It looks and feels brand spanking new! Definitely happy with my purchase considering that I bought a brand new 2020 MacBook Air and hated it. Returned it back in 2 days. I paid a lot less for the Pro than the Air and its A LOT better with so many features. I’m not trying to persuade anyone out of getting the Air but if you are considering on buying a MacBook my advice would be to just go ahead and get the pro. The Air reminds me of a google chrome book slapped with an Apple logo on it. Not saying that google chrome books are bad, but there’s no need to pay a full band for the Air when you could find something similar and a lot cheaper. All in all I really love this laptop."
1369,"Bought this laptop with some apprehensions, as i have typically bought refurbished goods from apple directly. This was my first from amazon, and i was not disappointed. The notebook was flawless, not a single scratch on it. second, all the accessories where flawless as well, not signs of usage. When i powered on the notebook to verify usage, the battery had cycled only 3 times, meaning it was still in new condition. Very highly recommended seller. Thanks for a pleasant transaction."
1370,"This laptop looked new, straight from Apple store."
1371,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen arrived damaged, what a scam.!"
1372,"Although I was very skeptical about purchasing a ""refurbished"" MacPro, after reading the reviews for this company, I made the purchase.  The MacPro arrived earlier than expected, expertly wrapped, included Apple certified, and in NEW condition.  There is no way I could tell it was not new or refurbished.  The price was the best I could find after researching other sellers.  I would highly recommend iPower Resale Inc to anyone looking for a MacPro.  Their customer service is exceptional.  Thank you for a great product!  5*****"
1373,"When I looked at this product it only had one review and it was a bad one... I then checked all the other products the seller sold and the reviews were excellent, needless to say I took a chance and ordered this MacBook Pro 2019. It arrived before anticipated and it was securely package. I AM SO GLAD I took a chance on them because this MacBook is amazing! Now I’ve waited a couple months before reviewing it to make sure it works. The MacBook looks brand new, it didn’t have any dents or scratches. It works and performs like a new MacBook. I had to contact the seller over the a small issue with the charger and they went above and beyond to correct the issue.Excellent customer service excellent product. I recommend this seller to anyone!"
1374,"I got my new MacBook Pro M1 two weeks ago and could not be more happy with it. This machine is absolutely incredible in terms of speed, looks, weight/size, display, and battery life - and texture (it feels so good against the skin on my wrists as I type) and basically anything else you can think of. I also love the space gray color, the new keyboard, the Touch Bar, and the larger trackpad. There are so many options to customize the system to work just the way I like.My previous MacBook was the 2011 model and it still works today, but after 10 years it became too slow and the trackpad had trouble clicking, so after a TON of research, I decided to pull the trigger and get the New MacBook Pro with the M1 chip.A couple suggestions I am able to give after spending almost two months and probably over 30 hours researching the new MacBook are: go with the standard model of 8gb of RAM and the 256 ssd - you can get this on Amazon for $1239 vs $1299 at Apple - so you get to save 60 bucks, and you have the added satisfaction of not having to deal with the snobby nerd losers that work in the Apple Store, who asked me rudely when I went in to get a new laptop ""umm, do you have an appointment? Well, you're going to have to make an appointment if you want to go in the store"". I love Apple products and will never use another phone or computer besides the iPhone and MacBook, but after that experience I will never again give my business to the physical Apple Stores. I mean, seriously, do you really need me to make an appointment to buy a $1300 laptop? Whatever dude.Anyway, in several YouTube videos that compared the 8GB ram model along side the 16GB ram model (costs 200 bucks more), the 8GB performed just as well in nearly every task - and they really pushed it to the limits. The only reason to pay up for the 16GB RAM is if you want to edit 8K UHD videos or are a super serious music recording artist or highly advanced professional photographer - and even then it's not too much of a difference. For the every day user (me or basically anyone who is not a computer professional) the 8GB working with this new M1 chip is mind-blowing, blows any other laptop on the market completely out of the water, and actually even performs just as well as the $2200 15 inch MacBook Pro using the Intel chip. As far as the storage goes, 256 ssd is standard - that's what I got - and you can pay 200 bucks more for 512 ssd or 400 bucks more for 1 TB. But with the Cloud storage available now, you don't really need to keep much on the laptop drive, you can just save it to the cloud.Overall I honestly could go on for hours about every little detail that I absolutely love about this machine. A free one year subscription to Apple TV is also another little perk. But I am still mystified every day at how incredible this machine is. I've been online for over 3 hours now and its still on 92% battery. The new Retina display is brilliant. Everything is perfect. I truly am in love this laptop and would recommend that anyone looking for a new laptop to last a long time and outperform everything else on the market gets the new matchbook 13 inch M1."
1375,I bought my Mac from Apple directly not from Amazon. This thing is amazing. Battery life is awesome. Hard to believe that I can work with it all day and do not have to charge at all even with bright screen.No issues with speed at all. I use Matlab a lot and this computer is even slightly faster than my desktop with 12 core AMD CPU and 32 GB ram.Excellent machine. Happy I bought it.
1376,"I own over 50 computers and it blows away my 11th gen Dell XPS 13 i7, My surface Book 3, my Ryzen 7 Thinkpad. the first week I got it the battery lasted for 5 days and 22 hrs of use and still had 20% left. I felt guilty and charged it. The Geekbench 5 rating beat all those listed laptops and they had 16 or 32GB of memory and the MacBook Pro M1 had only 8GB of unified memory. The keyboard felt great, the sound was superb, the screen bright, and it was blazing fast in all I did. I'm an IT consultant and deal in Windows based databases and this Mac has now become my daily go to system at home. It has become my new front end."
1377,It's a Mac once you go Mac you never go back. This is my second Mac my first lasted almost 9 years.
1378,Dead at arrival.... kernel error. Took it to the Apple store they told me looks like a hardware failure and to send it back to Amazon.
1379,"I'm going to preface this review with the 1 thing I dislike so we can get that out of the way.I mean let's be honest, that's what most people are looking for when buying a product-the down sides.It has a standard 3.5mm headphone jack EVEN THOUGH apple quit using that on it's handheld products years ago.Not that I care, it's good that they include the 3.5mm jack-but how come they didn't include one for their lightning connector that their headphones come in out of the box? Forces you to either change to a standard headphone jack or BT headphones (probably trying to push their AirPods line).Other than that, I have no issues. It's fast, efficient, reliable and easy to use. If your familiar with iOS on these then it'll be a great addition to the tech team you have at home."
1380,"I love my new MacBook Pro!!  It’s the 13” and not too small. It’s very lightweight!  It’s so fast!  I was using an older MacBook Pro from mid 2012. It worked well, just so slow. This one flies!!  I was disappointed that there are no USB ports or CD player. I spent about $65 at Best Buy and got an adapter that works very well!!!"
1381,The battery lasts forever and its fast. My last macbook had a pretty good battery and worked very well for years too.The M1 does allow for dual external monitors and there are two usbc ports total. These two things can be worked around with dongles and a video hub but now I have $200 worth of accessories and a tangled mess on my desk.How is a 2020 Mac not compatible with dual monitors but my 2005 HP works great with the same monitor setup?!? I really can't get past that.Get the intel version with 4 USB ports and you can use it in your Covid home office out of the box.
1382,"There is no fix for this, and now it can't be returned.  All that money wasted!!! There is a vertical black line on the screen.  I tried to fix it using tips from youtube videos and none of it worked.  Proceed with caution!"
1383,"I really wanted to love this laptop. I've had only Macs for years. This was supposed to be an upgrade from my 2014 MacBook Air. I previously had a 2020 16"" intel based MacBook Pro for work configured with two HP monitors. No issues with the monitors and connected instantly with zero effort to get the screens to work with the laptop. Bought this one and connected to my Belkin hub for the HDMIs. Would only connect a single monitor. Googled the issue and found that the new M1 apple chip only supports a single monitor. News to me and I guess I should have researched more. However the low rating stems from the fact that this is a PRO laptop. A professional would want two monitors and should not have to google whether a PRO laptop supports more than 1 monitor when the intel version does seamlessly. Despite this I had planned to keep it and just deal with 1 monitor because of the cost savings over buying the Intel based MacBook Pro and wanted the longer battery life. Now brings me to the issue that made me return the laptop. This laptop just would not configure to show a clear resolution with my monitors. The scale was off and the display just stayed blurry no matter what setting I changed it to on the monitor or the laptop's settings. Tried and tried and just gave up. Returned this and ordered an Intel based 13"" MacBook Pro. No issues, supports dual monitors, and seamlessly integrated to the laptop. No blurry screen and no having to set or change any settings to get it to work. I am floored that Apple would produce a Pro for business that only supports a single monitor. I love Apple but will not buy anything with their chip until the kinks are worked out."
1384,This is by far the best laptop ive ever owned! The laptop came with 0 scratches and only 16 battery charges on it. It even came with the apple box and stickers! Highly reccomend for the price. $850 is great for a 2019 macbook air.
1385,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Everything I expected and more! Just like brand new!"
1386,I love this laptop so so much. I think everyone should get it. The model is between 2018-2020 and the one I got had the Touch ID on it! Everything was very easy to set up and is in such great quality!
1387,"Received in a timely manner.  Will review in a couple weeks.Well, it's been over 2 weeks since receiving my MacBook Air and I have to admit that it has proven to be worth it's price. The Retina display is phenomenal and it's compact chassis is just what I was looking for. I am not a power user, so I didn't need major memory capacity. The speakers are, surprisingly, crisp and clear for such a slim build. The fingerprint scanner is quick and a huge convenience. I am (or was) a long-time PC user and resisted getting an Apple, but the transition was smooth and Apple's claim to fame for being user-friendly and intuitive proved true. If you are looking for a compact, yet capable laptop with QWERTY keyboard, I would recommend this product."
1388,"After having the laptop a few months, I can say my leap of faith to buy an amazon refurbished was worth it BUT I had to work a little bit.  It didn't arrive perfect and it still isn't perfect.  There is a tiny white dot on the screen where some pixels died (I guess) and when I first got it, I had to call Apple support to get iMessage and Facetime to work on it.  Then I had to take it to the Apple store to get the keyboard fixed as some keys would not work.  Thankfully, I had Apple Care on it so the cost to get it shipped off and fixed wasn't bad.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I recommend this seller, but I will probably buy new next time."
1389,"** I have only had the laptop for a week, this review is only based off of the time I have had it**I was so nervous to buy a refurbished computer but this came like it was brand new. New packaging, new charger, spotless laptop. I was worried the battery would be bad and wouldn’t hold a charge. I was wrong. I downloaded over 12,000 photos and was on it nonstop for over 2 days without even having to charge it. I am in love with this!!!"
1390,"As in the description exactly, thank the seller for the fast shipping and good packaging"
1391,I love this laptop and I’m really happy with all the features. Would definitely recommend.
1392,Exactly as expected. Great value.
1393,"The product made a loud buzzing/grinding airplane-type noise as soon as it finished setting up which was truly deafening. I presume it was the fan producing this aggravating sound. No programs were running and the room was approximately 68 degrees Fahrenheit so overheating should not have been an issue. Since no computer should ever sound like a coffee maker at any time, I must conclude that it was defective. Return to sender."
1394,Exceeded my expectations! Some of the reviews had me a bit nervous but I can’t tell you how happy I am! The laptop is on almost brand new condition! Only 1 TINY nick on the front (you can’t see it unless your looking) and it was perfectly ready for me to set up my account! No issues or problems! It comes in a box perfectly protected and has the charger to go with as well👍🏼 So happy with it! Thank you!
1395,"I was so excited because this laptop came in perfect condition. But when I tried to change the unsername to my name it wouldn’t work. 3 calls to Apple later, and I find out this computer is owned by a school that can remotely access my laptop at any time. Meaning, if they wanted to they could shut down and erase my laptop. Amazon gave me a full refund but I am very sad and disappointed"
1396,"All in all, the laptop works great! It runs fast, it’s clean, and it’s perfect for what I needed it. The one disappointment I have it they claimed this product as a catagory A which means like new. When it arrived, the screen had two scratch marks on it that was discolored from the rest of the screen. I would understand like new for any other part to have a scratch, but the screen is a big deal and it should have mentioned that in the details."
1397,"This MacBook Air is amazing!  I had been previously using a 2007 MacBook Air and it was time to upgrade.  I have never purchased refurbished before so I really didn't know what to expect, though was greatly concerned.  Needless to say that this laptop heavily exceeded my expectations.  Other reviewers stated that their MacBook was not as described, though mine looks brand new.  The keys are still crisp and clean, the screen immaculate.  There are a few light scratches on the outside of the computer (mostly the underside), but it is very minimal and unnoticeable.It runs like a dream, though I have only begun using it.  I will update should the computer have any issues.  It is an early 2015 with 4 GB RAM and its OS is Sierra.  I wanted to share that, as I found the Q&A to be a little confusing on that point and other reviews didn't really mention it."
1398,"When I received this package, I was thrilled...until I tried to turn it on and got a “low battery” notification...for 16+ hours. Turns out the cord provided (not a Mac product) is not the correct wattage to charge this device. It’s hard to tell at this point if the computer is faulty or not now that I’ve purchased a new cord from Best Buy, but it shuts down as soon as it’s disconnected from power. The screen is pretty floppy, too- falls back without provocation. All of which seem like things that should have been mentioned in the details before I decided to purchase.After taking this computer to the Apple store, I was informed that the issue was indeed the battery- completely bad and had to be replaced. Again, something that I wish I had known before purchasing. It is in working order now, but doesn’t meet my standards of what “certified refurbished” means, and product details lacking for sufficient purchasing knowledge ahead of time."
1399,"It said I had to do an update. When I hit the only update allowed it said the latest version was already installed but it wouldn’t let me go foward.  Also the screen seemed loose.  So if it was cleared out they never installed the new software correctly. So it wouldn’t let me even get to the main screen.  Others had luck but I did not.Also when I plugged the power bar in. It had a bit of a shock come out. As an electrician, I know that was a big no no.  I was willing to spend the money and get the correct power cord. But with everything else. I thought that’s already 3 strikes. No thanks."
1400,I was very hesitant buying a used MacBook from Amazon but it turned out great! Looks new and works amazingly. You will receive exactly what was described. I have no complaints!
1401,"Good quality, arrived early. As-new condition. Easy to install from my old machine via time machine backup. The old one was a 2010, now we are good for another 5-7 years.Thanks"
1402,I have been struggling with this product since day one. I am not getting responses from the seller OR the extended warranty repair company.I have never had trouble with Amazon before. Every issue I have ever had has been settled with ease and courtesy.This has not. Made more devastating as it it is the largest purchase I have had and the product has been unusable almost since day one. We sent it to the extended warranty place who said they fixed it but it still doesn’t work.We have spent hours at Apple doing diagnostics and it is simply not functional. To repair it would cost more than I paid. They do not think that the parts it was refurbished with are even Apple parts.This was a terrible product and not worth the money.
1403,"I bought this Mac and it came with a non Apple charger, I bought this as travel computer, sure enough in the first week while I was in Europe I had to buy am authentic Apple charger at $117. Now a month  later my Mac has died. It was having issues as in when I tried to maximize the scene with Netflix it would just shrink to a 3x5"" screen volume,  also the screen had been replaced before I bought it and is not well attached, very disappointed, I bought this last summer, but only started to use it in October when I was traveling, so I spent close to $700 for a Mac that lasted 2 months, return and replacement window has ""closed"" so I am stuck with a hefty repair bill."
1404,"Was very iffy about buying refurbished but it’s honestly like new! There are a couple of LITTLE scratches but nothing noticeable! Compared to my friends MacBook Air that she paid 1100$ for and they are the absolute same. Best $500 I’ve ever spent. & the company is AWESOME! The charger didn’t work as soon as I got it & I emailed them. Within an hour I had an email from them and they were sending me a new charger, thankful my friend had her charger that I used until I received mine but the battery last like 2-3 days so it wasn’t that bad."
1405,"Seller: IT5050Wowie! My son wanted an Apple Computer for Christmas and I was not about to spend $1000+ on a laptop for a 11-year-old boy. But a refurbished MacBook was definitely priced more appropriate for him. This computer is AMAZING people!!! Looks so clean and new. Only a couple faint scratches on the bottom, the keyboard looks like it was hardly touched, screen is clear and no burn marks in it, plus the battery is great. The seller was so awesome to get me this gift in time for Christmas, they are quick to respond to emails and followed up to make sure it was delivered afterward. (seriously, the nicest people!) I had purchased another renewed MacBook from another seller, and their level of quality wasn’t as good, by far. I wish I could pre-select a quality grade for the laptop (excellent, good, fair, etc.), so it is a little scary just leaving it up to the unknown. I work in the retail business and I like to applaud small companies who sell quality products. Do yourself a favor and go here, they gave me a laptop that is stellar and eased my worries about a refurbished laptop. It really looks so good and is operating perfectly. This is such a smarter way to buy a computer, especially for kids, or if you like to have the pricier brands without spending the high price. – Happy Mommy!"
1406,"Wow! Bought this from TECHarvard and was claimed to be Certified Refurbished, which according to the Amazon description should show limited to no signs of wear.  Well the device that I received not only was pretty scratched on the bottom, had a huge ding on the corner of the top cover, but the keyboard showed more signs of wear than the MacBook that I've had for 5 years(Space bar was completely warped).  Definitely does not resemble a new device in any way shape or form.  If they are selling used devices, call them used and mark the price down accordingly.  This is definitely going back."
1407,"Overall the laptop is nice. A couple of marks on the outside but works relatively well. There was an issue with the battery that originally came with it. It would shut off around 65% battery life. I asked the seller for a replacement battery, which they gave to me free of charge. However, the replacement battery is not originally an Apple battery and instead a knock off. This issue prompted it to restart randomly no matter what the battery life was at. I’m putting the original battery back in and having Apple replace it with the appropriate battery for an additional fee. I got what a paid for and I won’t make the mistake of buying a refurbished Apple product from anywhere other than the Apple store again."
1408,This is the BEST purchase I’ve ever made! The laptop 💻 arrived on time and in MINT condition. It functions beautifully and works flawlessly for my personal and business needs. I would recommend this seller to any & all I know who are in the market for reliable and affordable devices.
1409,"Battery doesnt work! I travel to another country with the laptop and web I turned on and unplug it, it shuts down! And in Battery Options appears ""Replace now"". How you can help me? I'm in Ecuador now and wont be back in a year!"
1410,"I love my new MacBook Air, it came as expected (relatively like new condition). This my first Mac and I’d purchase it again refurbished, you save greatly and get almost the same product 😀"
1411,Bought certified refurbished ended up with a unit with a screen covered in dead pixels. I contacted apple to see how much a screen replacement should be more I'm looking a repair cost more than I paid for the laptop.
1412,"DO NOT BUY!!! I purchased this computer for about two month and one day I couldn’t turn it on after it goes into sleep mode for a long time. It just wouldn’t turn no matter what I do, I tried every single method out there. I had to press the power button a hundred times for it to finally turn on. But after a while even that won’t work. The computer is just dead. I had to take it to the computer store and they told me it costs $434 to fix it!!!! Even though I actually paid to get it fixed I recommend everyone do not buy!! It’s not worth the money and will cost you more!! The guy in the computer store told me that there is corrosion inside the motherboard and in order to fix it it costs a lot of money ($434). I am truly upset and wished I would have just bought a brand new one from apple that’s the newest version and which will cost me less than what I spent on this computer!!"
1413,"The laptop worked great the first week. Eventually, things started to decline and quickly.  I would constantly have to change the time clock, and that would prevent many apps from working properly or not at all. I also discovered that my webcam did not work. I asked customer service if I could get a replacement laptop, and they gave me a website to help me fix it myself. It did not work. Also, the computer would start dying very quickly, even after a full charge. I would also not start up automatically, even with the charger plugged in. I had to press to start button almost endlessly for it to just power on. Eventually, it just would not cut on at all, even with the charger plugged in. It’s completely dead. Apple says that it should cut on with the charger plugged in if it were a battery issue, so it’s definitely something wrong with it beyond that and it will cost upwards of $400 to fix. I’m totally bummed. It did not even last a year."
1414,"BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER, SHE IS 70 YEARS OLD AND BARELY USES THE LAPTOP.THE SCREEN IS IN THIS STATE, APPEARS TO BE PEELING! VERY BAD!!"
1415,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Note: My purchase was completed through Kanga Supply for this item that ultimately doesn't function as intended.Amazon Renewed item descriptions indicate that the products should work and look like new, which wasn’t the case for this purchase, ergo my poor rating. After only having the Macbook for less than a day, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the product no longer functioned as intended.CONSThe Macbook worked fine for the first hour or so of use, but during an update, the screen flickered vigorously (see video). I hoped it was just a fluke, and it led me to believe there may be some software or hardware-related issue. After having the Macbook for less than 12 hours, I was forced to reach out to the seller because the screen flickering caused the laptop to become unusable (see picture). I also came here to draft a review in hopes that my issue is resolved quickly and effectively. I'll update my review once this is complete.PROSAfter removing the laptop and inspecting the outside, I was pleased. The outside of the Macbook is in good condition, just one or two visible scratches or marks.The charger was not the original Apple charger (as other reviews have indicated) but an OEM adapter. I don’t care that much about whether it’s an Apple charger, as long as it functions.Specs match the advertised item I purchased:128GB SSD8GB ramEDIT/UPDATE: After reaching out to the seller as instructed with the Amazon Renewed products, I never got a response in the allotted timeframe (2 business days) and was forced to reach out to Amazon directly. Ultimately, this item was returned for a refund.UPDATE 2: Today is 1/13/2020 and I have still yet to see this problem resolved to my satisfaction (refund or exchange of working product), after having ordered this product on 12/26/2019. Highly disappointed both in Amazon and the third-party seller.UPDATE 3: Received a replacement Macbook on 1/15/2020. So far it seems to be working, no issues with the screen per the previous item received (was NOT the same item sent back, verified by serial number). Pleased so far with this item."
1416,"The 2015 Macbook Pro is still, in my opinion, the best Macbook even in 2019.  I use the SD card reader all the time and have several USB 3.0 devices.  I also use a newer 2017 quad-core i7 for work (no choice) but the difference in speed is not worth the added money and lacking ports.  When I actually put the newer 2017 to work, the heat issue is still a challenge for Apple and performance drops.  It's like having power that I can't actually use unless I sit in a walk-in freezer. Don't quote benchmark speed tests to me, what counts is actual performance sitting at my desk for hours at a time working on a project. I also prefer the magsafe power (although this one uses the magsafe II which I like less than magsafe I which had a more solid connection) This one, I purchased for my wife and it handles everything she needs it to do. Although you can't upgrade the memory on these models, so make sure you get enough for what you need.  If you want to change out memory, then the best choice is the Mid 2012 non-retina model which also come with DVD drives and has USB 3.0 ports."
1417,"First off, I am removing a star because they shipped a counterfeit 60W Magsafe 2 charger with my order. I contacted them immediately and they offered to accept a return of everything. I explained that the charger was my only complaint and they overnight FedEx'd a genuine Apple replacement for free.""we sent you the wrong adapter for this batch of order and will overnight you the correct genuine one.""So they knowingly ship counterfeit chargers with some of their orders?The computer is pretty good cosmetically and operationally, but not as great as other reviewers. It is an Early-2015 12,1 model, this one was built in 12/2016. There is a crease over the right USB port from somebody yanking a USB plug. The battery has 107 cycles (89% life left). Keyboard and display are in great shape with no flaws. The SSD has no dead cells. It came with MacOS 10.13 installed.Overall its a good laptop and decent refurbishment job.EDIT: Knocking off another star. They sent me another counterfeit charger. Apple would never loosely jumble the cord in the box, a genuine power supply doesn't stay powered on for several seconds after it's unplugged from the main or stay lit green/orange after its unplugged from the laptop and this fake only puts out 25 watts max."
1418,"I really feel like I got a great deal on this, mine arrived in brand new condition and it looked like it had never been used. I did see some people had bad experiences but mine was well worth the price tag. The only negative was that the charger provided is third party and not OEM Apple. The box is also generic and not Apple, not a big deal but you just don't get that same feeling opening it up as a new product. I will say that I checked the serial number on Apple and the computer itself was only a couple of years old, so in reality I paid around $450 for an Apple that was only a couple of years old with a decent amount of battery life still left. I only bought this as there was certain tasks that I could not do on my iPad and so I did not need a brand new super powerful computer. This one is great, does not get hot, fans are silent and the display looks incredible.Overall I was very happy with the purchase, it came fast and was like new condition at the fraction of the cost of a new one. I actually waited a few months before writing this review so that I could also include that I have had no issues at all in that time, battery lasts a decent amount of time and no software or hardware issues to report. It also runs the latest OS that I updated it to and I believe it will be supported software wise for some time to come. Completely worth the price!"
1419,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The Macbook came in working condition with all original components and an OEM charger but not with the extension cord. The major downfall is the condition of the laptop, for the above average asking price for this model I expected great condition as it is stated to be like new but instead the model I received was in okay condition (not cleaned either, large collection of gunk in hinge vent) at best with a lot of edge scratches and deep cuts throughout the chassis, and some unremovable stains from stickers! And worst of all the battery was at over 500 cylces, the battery life was 4-5 hrs max! thats horrible for whats suppose to be a renewed device! Not satisfied!EDIT:  Avoid this entire listing especially from the seller ''Easymobiledevices'', they ship dirty grade b laptop and have poor costumer service."
1420,Once i started running it all sort of problems arises. First major problem is wifi drops off and will not let you connect to wifi. After this happens you cant even turn on/off the wifi. Used guest and still no wifi. Restarting or shutdown and restart will not activate wifi. If you restart it takes so long to reboot. Sometimes it get stuck on the waiting wheel on startup. One out of ten restart wifi will work for a minute but then drops off and you will no longer be able to connect again. I cant say anything physically because it looks fine. Lastly beware it shows and says freshly installed mojave os but it has instead sierra installed. The power cord looks like an imitation and not the original one because from the weight it is not the original one. I can tell because i have multiple macbook at home and that is not the original one. I am pretty disappointed with this seller.
1421,"I’ll update 15 days from today.CONS:-Delivery packaging: it was a regular box with one thick bubble wrap to protect the laptop.First glance, the charger seems pretty beat up but seems to work fine.-The outer top of the laptop has a lot of scuff marks and scratches. Sides do as well. Nothing TOO severe.-Bottom have some scratches and wearing on the rubber, not too noticeable.PROS:-Had a full battery-Set up went smoothly with no hiccups.-Outer signature glowing Apple works well.-Opening the laptop, the screen has no visible scratches, cracks, or scuffs at all.-Keyboard has no loose keys and is glowing well.-Trackpad has no scratches and works really well no weird working sides SO FAR.-Software automatically updated to Catalina, kinda wanna wait to update to Big Sur.I’ll update March 13, 2021"
1422,"Still a GREAT LAPTOP, arguably the best MacBook Pro 13” ever made, 2 or 3 iterations later! I have had mine for 3 months now and although I was a little disappointed that I got a no-brand MagSafe power brick instead of an Apple brand, it’s caused no problems for me. I have been using Logic Pro X a lot and it runs nice and smooth even with the haphazard way I use it, leaving muted unused tracks all over the place as I learn about things like track bouncing and experiment with every single effect and different audio formats (I feel bad sometimes like I am unnecessarily abusing the laptop, lol) and I haven’t frozen or crashed at all. I have used a few emulation programs for old Saturn, Super Famicom, PS and Dreemcast games that push the 2D sprite and parallax scrolling envelope and again I haven’t had any problems. Only thing I have experienced that has been an issue is the actual Mac OS and it’s limitations with regard to formats, programs that it supports and connectivity with outside developers but I have also been able to get around that by setting Virtual Machines up and GUID partitioning to use whatever other OS I need. This is also not a complaint about the hardware itself but rather the Mac OS software so should not be considered when it comes to the actual MacBook Pro 13”.You will want to upgrade to an NVME M2 SSD at least 256 GB or 512 GB right away, as the 128 GB SSD will fill up within 2-3 months of moderate use and the newer M2s will increase the OS loading speed more than anything else. Luckily you have your pick of great SSDs like the Samsung 970 Evo, etc that you can easily swap in with a $5 adapter, a screwdriver and no soldering (just search YouTube for “MB Pro 13 2015 SSD upgrade”)…The unique things and PROS about this MB Pro 13” are the older style KEYBOARD that doesn’t break like 2016-later model keyboards do, 2 USB 3 ports, an SD CARD R/W and a FULL SIZE HDMI PORT all built in. This is the last MB Pro 13 with any of those ports on board and the fact that you can swap SSD hard drives with no soldering and very little skill needed, all-in with the M2 you get a sexy little powerhouse for half the price of the newer model Pro 13”s (1/4 price of current gen)! The rest (CPU, onboard graphics, sound/speakers) make this laptop a must have that will likely only appreciate in value $$$!Two Thunderbolt 2/miniDisplayPorts are useful if you want to setup 2-3 Screens, but the CONS Are that you get NO ThunderBolt 3/USB-C ports and more and more adapters and devices require that connection these days, though with the USB 3 ports there are ways around it, complicated as they may be. You also CANNOT UPGRADE RAM unless you know how to de-solder the current ram and solder up new ram (accepts up to 16GB DDR-3 in 2X8GB formation) and setup the machine to accept the new ram, which seems a recipe to completely destroy the board/laptop without at least some Mac building & Mac hardware programming know-how, possibly even special equipment.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE MODEL WITH THE AMOUNT OF RAM YOU NEED BUILT IN & a CPU that will be sufficient for you and you won’t be disappointed with this awesome little 6 year old laptop! Don’t get the 4 GB model even if it will “work” for you “short-term”! I got the 8GB/i5 2.9Ghz/128GB and I already regret not paying another $100 for the 16GB ram model, but c’est la vie.Just buy this MacBook Pro 13” while you can, replace the SSD as soon as possible, enjoy it, keep it another 5-10 years and you will likely be able to triple your investment by reselling it assuming Apple stays on their current trajectory with their MB Pro Hardware releases!!!"
1423,"Hi, I bought this Macbook Pro 13"" early 2015 and received last week on Aug 23th. The laptop has a good appearance and doesn't have any flaws. However, the charger(45w) packed together with the macbook is not for macbook pro but for  Macbook Air. I just found out today, cuz when I use the charger(45w) laptop cpu temperatures goes up to 65-85 celcius. and I can't use more than 4 hours. But when I charge my macbook with Macsafe 1 (85w, which is for Pro), the cpu temperature keeps 40-50 degree, and it runs around 10hours. I want to change my charger into “MacBook Pro Charger 85w”. Thank you."
1424,I'm very dissatisfied with this purchase.I can't use the Mac because the hard drive was not reset and the software on the Mac dose not allow you to use it.Also there was no charger.Again very disappointed.
1425,"Looks brand new, wrapped and sealed in Apple packaging. Plugged it in and turned it on and let it go. Absolutely no problems, it was automatic and wonderful to have the computer set itself up. Has performed flawlessly as expected of an Apple laptop."
1426,"The laptop arrived in fair condition.  The screws show signs of wear so it may have been opened up during the ""renewal"" process.  Old stickers were left on the bottom. Also, the laptop was shipped with a cheap knockoff Chinese charger.  I have no reason to trust this charger so I'll have to order a genuine Apple one instead.Fortunately I don't need this machine to be a workhorse or I would send it back.  This should survive a year at least but I don't trust it as-is - I will wipe the hard disk, NVRAM, and SMC just to be safe."
1427,Product was faulty. The charging port wouldn't hold the plug. I returned it. I don't think the refurbishing process is very competent.
1428,"This is exactly like the MacBook I was given for work that was stolen on a plane flight. No problems with this as a replacement so far, smooth sailing for 3 months already! I got the protection plan just in case, but I'm very satisfied with this cheaper than new replacement. Will update if there are any issues that arise. Would recommend."
1429,"Idk what I was thinking not having an apple in the first place. This laptop is very easy to use, fast, and I’m excited to see how productive I can be with this format. I feel free, nothing holding me back now!! Unlike old pc with unresponsive interface, slow speeds, and constant crashes, this one gives me no problems!!"
1430,This laptop was literally like brand new out of the box. So far my daughter is so thrilled with her graduation gift. She is ready for college now!!!
1431,"Our first ever Mac but so far its been quite impressive. It was easy to setup and get it going. It works well and very easy to use, turn on/off, carry around and day to day life. Wish the battery would last a bit longer."
1432,"BUYER BEWARE!I knew by choosing a refurbished computer, I was taking a risk, but I never expected this. When I received this MacBook Air, I was surprised it was the model Apple stopped making in 2017, since the title said “Newest Version.” I emailed the seller and they said Amazon forced that in the title and told me I could return it. I work full time, am in grad school, and have three kids. I figured with it being an Apple it would last long enough to get me through school, so I kept it. Now, six months later the screen won’t turn on. It’s completely black.I am able to connect to an external monitor and use the computer that way, so I know it’s the display. After trying to adjust the brightness, several resets, resetting the SMC and the PRAM, I called Apple Support. They ruled out all software issues and told me it had to be the hardware.At this point I contacted the seller and they basically told me “sorry, it’s outside of the 90 day window so there’s nothing we will do for you.” I have escalated to Amazon trying to get some kind of resolution. They just confirmed there is nothing they are willing to do for me. They also are not doing anything to penalize the seller, All Out Apple. I'm shocked at Amazon. Shady sellers like All Out Apple will always be around, but I really thought Amazon was better than Ebay in that way. Lesson Learned.There is no reason a MacBook Air should have a display of a completely stops functioning after six months of use, even refurbished. I’m grateful that I had a work-provided monitor I can plug into to do my schoolwork, but if I was aiming to be tethered to my desk, I would have bought a Mac Mini."
1433,"Got the computer two days early! this was probably the fastest delivery I've ever received from amazon. I wasn't going to buy refurbished but I really wanted another MacBook and shelling out $2k for a new one was simply out of the question. When I saw the price for this MacBook Air, I decided to roll the dice and buy it. I knew it could possibly come not as advertised, such as having scratches or not being updated as far as software is concerned but when I opened it up it was practically BRAND NEW! set up was simple as can be! only took me 5 minutes to sign in with my Apple ID and all my information was synced between my iPhone and iPad and onto the MacBook Air. There were a few minor scratches less than a couple centimeters on the bottom of the computer nothing that noticeable. the charger doesn't stick as well as I'd like and one of the hinges is half broken off but I've that same issue with practically every MacBook I've ever had. I was really surprised with the quality. it said 2017 version but with all the updates and new iterations its hard to gauge which MacBook your getting I thought I was purchasing a much older MacBook Air than what I got this thing is amazing and the 13 in screen is far larger than I expected it to be feels like a 15 or 17 in display when having it in your hands/ the computer itself is incredibly light, the main reason I chose the air you can carry it in anywhere with one hand and hardly feel it definitely much lighter than my 2020 iPad 11"" All in all if you're on a budget, this computer is the way to go! for $400 its practically brand new and runs like a dream! thanks amazon for this incredible refurbished Mac! love it !"
1434,"I don’t what to think I bought 2017 16gb 256 ssd but I received a refurbished 2019 8g 256 perfectly packaged, I can’t put apple care I already call for that but im not sure to keep it because I want a computer of 16of ram but this one is 2019, im gonna give the chance to see how it works, And it cost me the same price of a refurbished 2019 Of apple but those ones you can put apple care"
1435,"hola, soy de peru. Estoy contento con la compra, la compre por el precio, y me llego tal cual las especificaciones.(late2018,2.3gz,8ram,256ssd). la bateria llego con 350 ciclos aproxen cuanto a lo estetico, tenia pequeños arañones en un costado, pero nada grave, la pantalla intacta y el touchbar ok. el cargador sellado oem.califico la compra como 9/10."
1436,Got a few months out of this before the screen started disappearing intermittently. Then it wasn't so intermittent. I'd have much rather spent the extra money to get a new computer that didn't break than to buy something second-hand and have to decide to repair or replace.
1437,"Considering I was 100% ripped off, I would not recommend you purchase from this seller, I did not receive what I wanted, the serial number for a COMPUTER comes up as an iPhone 11... Just.. No."
1438,This computer was working fine and all of a sudden the screen went out.  Cost me $640 to fix it.
1439,"Delivery was super fast, considering I’m in South Africa. The laptop is simply beautiful, woks well, no complaints, I love it."
1440,"Positivo, EXCELENTE EQUIPO!!!"
1441,So far this was a steal. Great product for a great value.
1442,super machine
1443,The space key and some of the keys were not working As they are supposed to. Really sticky
1444,"Arrived, boxed well with balloon cushions. Power adapter looked clean but had scratches. Opened up the Lid of the MacBookPro and it looked like it had some sort of disease or cancer & it smelled quite strange too. It had over 50% battery so I carried on with a reset which resulted in an error. Luckily it booted back into Yosemite OS that it had installed years ago, after 3 failed attempts managed to update to Mojave. Of course first things first copy music etc onto, USB stick struggled to go in either of the USB Ports (look at the photos) was also stuck after insertion but managed to pull out, with a hard pull - full force - anger. Had a look into the ports and discovered they were literally rusted dirty like disgusting, this is not the definition of Refurbished - but 2nd Hand or Heavily Used. Be aware, set your expectations right in oder to avoid any disappointments."
1445,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I was super stoked upon arrival, began setting up the laptop and within minutes the screen stopped working. Literally pixels. Severely disappointed. I have gotten ahold of kanga and they are working to replace the device but it has now been over a week since I’ve purchased the unit with two day shipping and still have nothing to show for it. I hope they come through on their end and send me a functional unit."
1446,"I've only had it for about a week now and this 2015 MacBook Pro is working phenomenally! I was kinda hesitant buying a refurbished MacBook from Amazon, but I can honestly say I'm go glad I went ahead and did. It came extremely fast and right from opening the box, it was as if I had bought a brand new one right from Apple themselves. There's not a scratch, dent, stain, dust or anything on it. So far it's working extremely well and I will definitely buy form this seller in the future and recommend them to others as well! Great price for a great computer."
1447,"I’ve had this MacBook Pro going on 4 days and so far so good! It has met all my expectations and more. I grew up using windows PCs. This is my first Apple computer and I’m happy to have made the transition. Wish I did this long time ago but better late then never. If it wasn’t for the packaging and not being in the original box, I probably wouldn’t be able to tell this was refurbished. This is just based from my experience using MacBooks at the Apple store. Also, there was a few minor scratches on the bottom of the laptop.I will revise and change review in a month if any problems. But as of now, my review above is how I feel."
1448,"I've only had it for a couple days, but so far this is a great purchase. The thing looks brand new, and I know it isn't. I am replacing an older Mac and just can't afford the prices of new machines from Apple. Using Migration Assistant (an app that comes with Macs) I was able to restore a time machine backup from the old machine, so I've lost nothing in the transition."
1449,"When I ordered this product for the first time, it came with a green line on the screen. I contacted the costumer service, they responded very quickly and replaced it.The second computer came with better specs, I was the happiest person... for 2 months though, the computer suddenly stop responding.Other things that are worth saying:- The charger is generic. A generic charger can easily damage the battery of the computer, that could explain my problem.- The second computer they sent, had a sticker that covered the whole low part of the computer (those stickers that are the same color as the computer and are used to cover up very big scratches.Conclusion: they can deliver a great costumer service, but not a working product."
1450,"The macbook pro only worked for a short while. It had a charging/powering problem - wouldn't keep a charge at first, then wouldn't power on even when plugged in. Confirmed it was not a charger issue.I contacted the company who said to send it back for repair. Once they received it they wrote saying it cannot be fixed and charged me a ""restocking fee"" in the amount of the purchase of the laptop. Outrageous!! I even had a protection plan for it. After numerous interactions they refused to help and returned the laptop without telling me. THEN they said they couldn't do anything in terms of a refund because I had the machine. Months later they refuse to resolve it and amazon can't help me because it's a third party seller. An ABSOLUTE JOKE of a company. I'm out over $500.00 with a computer that can't be fixed - and Apple store said they could try but for more than the computer's worth. So yeah. They have my money and I have nothing.DO NOT BUY from these people if you'd like to keep your money."
1451,"Hey all! So I’ve gotten into photography lately and needed a upgrade from my old 2012 MacBook Pro and 2011 Asus laptops for editing. Figured a 2015 model would be the way to go for a decent upgrade without spending tons of money. I was super skeptical about buying a reconditioned one through Amazon after reading the reviews and thought about it for about 4 hours before I made the transaction. Next day it was at my door step with me a bit nervous about opening the package and seeing a beat up MacBook, I opened the box and the MacBook was in a bubble wrapped sleeve and that’s it. Okay I’m fine with that but what was the condition of it? Looks like it barely got used or the previous owner always had a case on it. Outside from a few nicks here and there it’s flawless. Turns on and is super quick, the Retina display is beautiful and definitely enjoyable to watch movies. It came with Mojave so the first thing I did was update it to Big Sur and it’s still flawless. I’ve only had it for a day if that but so far I’m happy with my purchase. Just be mindful yours may or may not be like mine condition wise I got lucky. Should you buy one of these? I would I’m pleased with my purchase and I’m sure you would be too. But I’ll update with any issues if they come up in the future. Thankfully I’m a bit tech savvy so whatever happens I’m sure I can fix it."
1452,"This of course this is an old model and reconditioned/renewed, so I was expecting it to look somewhat used; however, this MacBook Pro is in PERFECT CONDITION as if I had purchased it new. I'm upgrading from a very heavy and slow 2009 white MacBook that's a dinosaur and I could only do very basic things on it. It has almost zero capability in terms of battery life (it could only be used plugged in) so this laptop is an absolute gem in comparison. This might be why I'm so hyped and elated. Plus the price was very good. *I hope the computer doesn't have some sudden glitch and dies on me...lol!Now, I can finally edit my videos in iMovie, which was not working on the old MacBook, because I couldn't update it anymore. I need this laptop mainly for traveling, to do editing work, I have a 2 monitor PC set-up at home. My only wish is that I could transfer my Adobe CS to the new laptop.SIDE NOTE: it's actually overall a little smaller than my old 13"" (screen size is the same), it's not as heavy, but not as light as the Air; it arrived with Catalina iOS installed and I had to upgrade to Monterey to use the newest version of iMovie - this isn't a complaint, just an observation."
1453,"I bought for my mom, great deal (sort-of), works great (after I deleted 2 mysterious old unknown wifi connections)I bought this for my mom, she was always having Windows problems, viruses disguised as virus removal, scammy pop-ups, and so on.  Happy day!  :DThey raised prices during Prime Day, wth?  I thought I was getting a good deal, but afterward I noticed the price went down.  Anyway, I ordered this for my mom.  She's been using Windows and I wanted her to experience a Macbook Pro.  This one is actually even better than mine!  I'm still happily using a Late 2013 2.4 Ghz 8 RAM 256 GB 13-inch Retina, her's is exactly the same except it's a Early 2015 and it's actually got 2.7 Ghz!  Anyway she seems really happy with it.  I set it up for her, and ran the serial number, which was not found, not surprisingly although I'm not sure what that means, and the update page in the App Store looks like it was coded in 1995, so I'm not sure what's up with that.  Could be something funky going on, but all I know is it works and we're happy with it.  She's getting used to using it, and she says it's fast and smooth.  She was getting tired of all the Windows updates and virus stuff and all the spammy popups telling her to purchase a virus disguised as virus removal, yadda yadda yadda, so I am well-pleased that she is now almost a full-blown Mac-head.  Thanks Apple.  I hope to be able to afford an Apple car when they do come out, haha.  I'm not sure about the battery-life yet, but I HAD TO replace the battery on mine, so replacing it on hers should not be a problem."
1454,It’s just one continuous problem after the other with this computer. It’s really not worth it to save a little bit of money just buy new not refurbished have your warrantee you’re better off in the long run.
1455,For this being my first ever Mac- This was an amazing buy... no scratches or dents. Its basically BRAND NEW. 😝😝😝The only thing is that it says 512gb but the space says 256gb so be wary of that.But other than that I am really happy with my purchase.
1456,Good
1457,Love it
1458,"the product arrived with the screen broken. I would like a refund of $ 400 to repair it, since he is now in Brazil."
1459,So happy with this purchase. Even my kids said it looks like the new ones. Has some minor imperfections but at the cost totally acceptable. Would definitely purchase from this seller again.
1460,"I purchased through amazon this m1 chip 512 gb 8ram macbook pro 2020 year manufacture.  I’m a mac user of many years.  The computer is blazing fast, slim, light with great battery life. A huge bonus—-little need for additional  anti virus add on software since the macbook anti virus platform is very solid. A hidden gem when you buy any apple device is phenomenal tech telephone support.  The advisors at the apple stores and by telephone are the best part of the apple experience for me and even rival the devices they sell. Yes, I hate the high prices and know the game but over time I’ve  accepted their price points because of the incredible tech support."
1461,battery would not take any charge  stuck at 1%
1462,"I cannot believe the condition my Macbook is in, you can’t even tell if it’s used and the packaging was very nice and professional with the white box and wrapped just like it is when you get it directly from Apple. I am super happy with my purchase, thanks Amazon."
1463,"Good, but it is a little small.. easy to control. Recommend if you are hard to control your computer"
1464,Computer will not charge.
1465,"""Refurbished"" even though Battery life was non existent from the startup, always check the reviews on laptops to make sure they have over 200, cause then you won't be played by greedy ass people like I was"
1466,"Minor scratches , for the price reduction is a great buy !!!"
1467,Light weight
1468,"El producto reacibdiocionado en muy buen estado, funciona perfectamente y venía totalmente protegido y embalado. Muy satisfecho con la compra"
1469,"Looks and acts brand new. Everything exactly as advertised. Will update if I have any issues but after a week I can say, I am pleasantly surprised!"
1470,We are very satisfied with this computer.  It has been several years since we purchased a lap top.  So far--this has been very good to work with.  It is so much faster.  This brand came highly recommended by someone in the tech.field.  Nothing negative to say.
1471,"It took me 3-4 hours to get a new printer on my home network because of Windows 11 S. The folks at Canon were very helpful but ultimately I had to turn it over to Microsoft to setup Windows 11. Windows 11 S will only allow you to add Microsoft Apps and doesn't allow networking. I really like the Lenovo laptop but this should be a toggle to switch out of Safe mode. Microsoft prefers you use only their apps in order to avoid potential pitfalls with generic apps. Also this laptop does not have a CD/DVD Drive. I wanted to load my copy of Home and Business 2010 office but Microsoft no longer supports the app so I had to ""rent"" new Office at a initial cost of $70 a year. Screen quality is great and I really like the touch screen"
1472,Got this laptop bcuz of windows 11 while unboxing it i realised it had windows 10 safe mode sigh.
1473,Easy to setup and great design
1474,"I really like it, I use it for online teaching.  It is great, the hdmi access is so much easier."
1475,"So far I like it but as the headline states, it doesn't have windows 11 installed, only window 10 in safe mode.  Update: easily upgraded to Windows 11."
1476,Clean lines and extremely functional. Very Happy with the speed and performance. I would recommend it for the daily user.
1477,"Unfortunately,  I didn't need this item, but heard it was a great find. I was able to get my current laptop fixed"
1478,The affordable prices....
1479,Cheap maid. Did not like it for the money @!!
1480,"I could sit here and write all about the specs on this computer, but they are already in the description, and If you are like me... you don't really understand it anyways.So I am going to tell you what I LOVE about this computer and what I use it for. I am a full time college student as well as a single mother who stays busy. I have previously used a HP All In one computer that I bought brand new a year ago and I hate that thing... It is so slow!!! When I first opened this item, I was just hoping that it would be a little faster! What I got instead was an amazing computer that is faster than I could have ever imagined. Now I don't use this thing for much more than amazon reviews, school work, and papers. But this is exactly what I needed.It navigated quickly between web pages, my Microsoft word programs opens instantly and doesn't take forever to load like my HP does. The picture of this monitor is just beautiful. Everything is so clear. I love that the keyboard has a back light so I can see the keys if I need to take a look at them while I am typing, but the back lights go away after a few seconds, so if you are watching a movie, the lit up key board will not bother you.This computer is so light weight and easy to carry. I love the sleek design of it as well. This would be a great computer for anyone who just needs a basic computer for the internet or spreadsheets. I would feel at ease taking this computer with me to college or sending it off to college with my children, and I wouldn't worry if they had the ability to complete their assignments in school. I am so so so happy with this product!"
1481,"This is the best laptop deal you can get, full stop.Touchescreen? Nope. That feature is stupid in a laptop, in my view. As you use the keyboard, incidental touche s of the screen change focus or move to different screens--touchscreen is a gimmick and sucks.The screen on this laptop is worth the price by itself. Gorgeous, black is actually black, it rivals my AOC gaming desktop monitor.The Ryzen chip inside can be overclosked if you feel like it, but it is not needed. It is plenty fast for a laptop.This is set up to add memory and a hard drive. Do so. I spent an additional $50 to add a 1tb drive and an 8gig memory stick.  In so doing, I have the same specs as a $700 consumer laptop.Gaming? I stream from my desktop, it's perfect. It won't run any modern games at more than low settings (if that) but you don't need to run them onboard if you have a gaming machine. DO NOT BUY THIS TO PLAY GAMES ONBOARD. Stream via Steam, it's perfect.Buy this for $300, spend an additional $50 or $100 on memory and storage, and sit back and realize that you got a premier laptop for 1/3 the money people are spending on nothing.Build quality is bomber. Eveything is solid, no rattles, no warps. Others have ripped on the touchpad--can't tell the difference between this and any other laptop touchpad. It isn't loose, responds as usual, no problem.The screen is GORGEOUS and much better than laptops at twice or three times the price.I actually like the compressed number pad on the right. If you aren't doing a lot of 10-key stuff, it's what you need.The keyboard backlight stays on while you're typing, shuts off when you aren't. Perfectly configured.This boots in about 15 seconds.It has some heft, but is still very light. Hard to describe, but you can carry this all day in your backpack and not even know it is there. The power brick is about the size of a Toblerone tube. I plan on buying an extra to travel with.This will work as a consumer laptop as is, like I said, but add some memory and a hard drive and you are CRUSHING.I can't sing the praises of this enough.Buy this, add a drive and a memory stick and you get a premier laptop for less than $400. And you get a better screen, too. And anyone can do that, it isn't tough at all. If you can turn a screwdriver, you can update this machine.Make sure to go in and turn S mode off. First, activate Windows, then go to the store and turn off S mode.This is much better than what other companies are offering as a budget laptop."
1482,"A very reasonably priced laptop for basic computing needs. The specs that stick out to me for describing this as ""basic needs"" is 4GB of RAM, and 128GB M.2 SSD. Both are at the bare minimum in today's needs. Cell phones now come with those specs( high dollar ones though..).Seems like one of the goals of this laptop is to keep an aesthetically pleasing design. Just 1 3.1 USB port and 2 2.0 USB ports are included, one headphone/mic jack, 1 slim RJ45 port, HDMI, and power input plug. No external battery.2 things that stuck out to me when I started using: screen and sound quality. The screen is very sharp and high contrast. Black is actually black. Very impressed. I was also surprised by the audio quality. I don't expect much from laptop speakers, especially low priced ones, but was pleasantly surprised on how clear the audio is.The back panel of the laptop does not have any easy access ports to swap out hard drives or RAM. Instead, you remove 10 or so Philips screws to remove the entire panel. I've already swapped out the 4GB RAM stick for an 8GB. Easy enough.The laptop includes an M.2 SSD. The pro to this is you still have the option of adding a traditional sized disk to expand your storage, without needing to worry about reinstalling an OS or attempting to clone the included drive.Almost puked when I thought I was locked-in to ""S Mode"" When I went to unlock S-mode, Windows kindly directly me to pay >$100 to purchase a license! I was furious thinking this was some new scheme to sell laptops without a full legitimate Windows license and instead lock you into a Microsoft only app store. I forget the exact steps I took, but somewhere I found that there was an error in activating my Windows license, and I had to click a troubleshoot button, then it magically worked and got me out of S mode. Disaster averted.A couple of things that annoy me:-The touchpad feels a little loose to me. Just gently touching it causes it to move and you can hear a plastic on plastic sound, its distracting...-The keyboard backlight turns off after a set amount of time, you must press a key for it to illuminate again. Moving the mouse/touchpad does not cause the keys to light up. You must touch a key. I see the is a BIOS option for disabling the timeout. I've disabled it but it appears to have no effect. It still turns off.-The slim-line RJ45 port seems messed up... I pull the flap down and it does not open far enough to insert a connector. I will probably never use it.. but what gives?"
1483,"A few months after the purchase....It is still running good and I bought 5 more for my colleagues, so I bought all together 8 machines.  My of my colleagues need more memory while some need less.  So what I do is, for those who need more, I took the 4GB RAM out from their machine and put it in the machine of the colleague who needs less.  So 1 machine got 2x4G running in dual channel with identical RAM and install a new 2x8G for the original machine.  To be honest, difference for 4 to 8 is high, but little difference from 8 to 16.  So those in a tight budget can save your money._____________________This laptop is great.  For this price, there is nothing to complain.I use this for basic computer needs at home.  What I will do with is just Office, surfing, youtube, netflix.  This computer handles it really well, all very smoothly.What I like most is the screen.  It is IPS.  At this price point (310 for me), most laptops are bundled with TN display, which be honestly is a deal breaker.  The screen here is gorgeous.  I do not see much difference to my gaming laptop which cost me thrice.  Sound is good, keyboard design average.  I don't like the small num pad.  Some people complained on the backlight, but I don't need this function.  But the num lock indicator, however, is important but wasn't there.On the spec, there is just 4G of RAM.  You can, however, upgrade it easily.  There are 10 screws at of back.  Open it and you can add another slot of RAM and another HDD.  My recommendation, upgrade to 8 or 16G and add another SDD drive immediately after the setup is done as 128G storage will not be enough.  For gaming, I am yet to test it, but at 310, don't expect anything.Ar..  the Windows S issue, google Windows S Switch and you will know how to change it back to Windows 10 Home.  It is just a few clicks and a few minutes.  Everyone can do it.After all, a great computer.  My family members ordered 2 when they see mine.  Highly recommend."
1484,BUYER BE AWARE: This computer has Microsoft 10S. This is scam software by Microsoft to force you to use only Microsoft apps from their deserted island wasteland of an app store. The computer will not allow you to do anything else. You can upgrade to a full version of Microsoft 10... for another $134. Hard pass. STAY AWAY from ALL computers with Microsoft 10S!! Absolute garbage software.
1485,"I got this for my ten year old son because it's a great laptop for kids. It has a solid state hard drive which means there's no moving parts and it can take more abuse. In other words I'm not going to worry when my son throws this into his backpack. It's also pretty lightweight and portable.I was, however, a little on the fence about S mode. So what is this? It's a locked down version of Windows 10. It is somewhat limiting in that you can't just run any program you want, it has to be a program solely from the windows store. For example, you have to use Bing as your search engine. You have to use Microsoft Edge as your web browser. For those who are interested in programming, you can't use command-line shells. Pretty limiting right? But the advantage is that the laptop is safer from viruses and malware since there is so much control over what programs can be used. It's very stable and ""safe."" If it tells you anything, Microsoft markets S-mode laptops to schools because of this safety and stability. Now you can easily scrap the S mode at anytime, but once you leave S mode you can't come back.Other things of note: Upon startup the default settings really lets Microsoft snoop on every little thing you do. I had to disable much of this. If you are handing this over to a kid, I would recommend you do the same. But otherwise, startup was very easy. Cortana talks to you and after you've answered some questions (literally, you can speak the answers) everything is set up.I did notice the speakers are very weak, but honestly I am seldom impressed with laptop speakers. That's when Bluetooth speakers come into play and you can do that easily with this. The screen is not a touch-screen which, I suppose, at this price point you can't really expect.I also saw this laptop has a night setting, which I love. Starting at 8pm, the display minimizes blue light so as not to mess with your body's sleep cycle. That, to me, was a HUGE plus!So would I recommend this? If you are a computer programmer or hope for your kid to be a computer programmer than no, absolutely not. But if you're just wanting to use a computer without necessarily knowing how the parts and software work then YES! This would be a GREAT laptop for you! I can also see this as a great tool for senior citizens as well because if how user-friendly everything is set up to be."
1486,It runs amazing
1487,"*UPDATE : The labtop completely died near end of warranty, would not charge or power up. Acer replaced motherboard, about 2 weeks turn around time.-The only down side is the 4 gb of ram. 128 nvme is AMAZING at this price, makes the labtop amazingly snappy. Reads are in 1.3-1.4 GB/s range.The display is great for the price, viewing angles are fantastic. Perfect for media consumption. Easily comparable with labtops 2-2.5 times the price. This is bar far my #1 reason for keeping the machine. speakers arent great though, have bluetooth headphones handy.I was able to put POP OS 19 on it without an issue, everything worked perfectly and its very snappy. Due to the nvme you are going to get amazing snappiness.Fully upgradable! There is a included screws to mount 2.5 drive in the box, you can switch wifi card , add another stick  of ram , or swap the M.2.Ram runs at 2400 based on platform, so dont bother with expensive stuff.  The included one is rated at 2666.Stays cool since its a small chip. Fan isnt loud at 100%.Battery life lasts about 3-3.5 hours underload with brightness at 40%.I was able to run dawn of war ii and a few other older games at medium 1080P at half decent frame rates on linux, older games forsure though.Keyboard is good  , much better than idealpad3XX and swift3. I've seen much worst on  much  more expensive devices.I actually really like the aluminium cover, makes the device look premium.This is great machine to consume videos and do light typing without being frustrated by cost or the performance, A+ Acer for putting every dollar where it makes the user experience pleasant ."
1488,"The Acer 5 slim is sleek, beautiful, durable, lightweight, lightning fast (when upgraded to 16gb of ram), and has a ridiculously low price tag. It probably wouldn't be of much use for gaming or CAD, but for basic web browsing, office use, and video streaming, it will do well. I have added some pictures next to a macbook air for size comparison. The screen is bright and beautiful, offering 1080p resolution. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the keyboard lights up! I plan to use this laptop mainly to stream business news, news tickers, and follow several stocks on multiple tabs. For this reason, I knew the RAM upgrade would be necessary. This PC would likely be quite slow if you chose to keep the 4GB of RAM, as 2GB is shared memory. I would recommend at the very least adding another 4GB stick, as there is a slot available and a 4GB stick is quite cheap. I decided to add a second hard drive as well, 128GB is not much, if I recall correctly, only 98GB was available, and that was before any Windows updates!I spent an extra $116 on the following upgrades:Teamgroup 16GB (8GBx2) - 2666MHz , DDR4 Dual-channel laptop memory, and a Kingston 480GB A400 SATA 3 2.5"" Internal SSD hard drive. The fact that Acer made this laptop with 2 memory slots and a spot for a second harddrive is part of the reason this laptop has been a bestseller for so long. Without these options I wouldn't have considered purchasing it. I have included pictures of the laptop with the back cover removed, at various stages of adding the Kingston 2.5"" SATA harddrive. It is an incredibly easy procedure, but I thought some may benefit from the photos. A bag of screws to secure the harddrive actually came with the laptop, which I included it in one of the photos. Replacing the memory is straightforward. To remove the back panel to access the internals, you simply remove 10 phillips screws.After installing the second hard drive, you will probably need to head over to disk management to partition the new drive. Be very careful with this step, as you can really mess your computer up & delete data, if you click on the wrong things! I haven't installed a second hard drive in ages, I expected windows to gind the drive after the installation, but that wasn't the case for me!This PC includes Microsoft Windows 10 in S mode. I suppose some people will be ok with this mode, as it enhances security and performance by only allowing programs available in the Microsoft Store. The vast majority of us however, will want to switch out of this mode ASAP. Fortunately switching modes is a very simple procedure. Here is the process:Go to Settings  > Update & Security  > Activation.In the Switch to Windows 10 Home section, select Go to the Store. There is also an ""upgrade your edition of Windows"" section on the screen during this step, do NOT click the ""Go to the Store"" link below that!On the Switch out of S mode page that appears in the Microsoft Store, select the Get button.Congratulations! Your new computer now has Microsoft windows 10 home, without the restrictions of S mode!Bottom line - this laptop is an absolute bargain! I hope you found this review helpful, if so, please kindly click the ""helpful"" button! Thank you!"
1489,"I bought this laptop for its weight and that's about the only thing positive I can say about it.The processing power is not very strong, so performance-wise, I was not impressed. But with the pricetag considered, I'm all right with this.However, the biggest thing for me is the OS- WINDOWS 10-IN S MODE.I had never heard of S Mode, and I didn't notice this when I bought the laptop.Apparently, S Mode is Microsoft's way of ensuring that you only use their apps and products by blocking you from downloading any outside apps. You have to get them all through their store. So, for example, were I to try to download Norton's anti-virus from Norton's official site, Microsoft's S Mode would tell me that I am unable. Any and all files outside of their store are blocked from being downloaded.In order to leave S Mode, you have to change it in the settings, but then you have to use a registration key for Windows 10 Home or Pro. So I shelled out another $130 just to get a fully functioning OS. Factor that price into this laptop price. THEN- after purchasing Windows 10 Home, I had to keep trying over the course of 4 days for the laptop to accept me switching out of S Mode because Microsoft was conveniently having server errors on their side and so my request could not be processed at this time. This is a common issue, at least from what I read among those discussing S Mode on Reddit forums. Multiple people report that Microsoft has server issues when you try to opt out of S Mode.Very very unhappy with this laptop for the sole reason that the OS is Windows 10 in S Mode. It was inconvenient and one of the most useless things I have ever seen pre-installed on a computer. Created a major and unnecessary headache for me."
1490,"I was hesitant getting a Chromebook as I was concerned I'd miss being able to install windows programs, but so far I am really impressed with this. It was very quick to setup and easy to sync all of my Google account info. Having the ability to install Google apps is great. It's lightweight, runs fast, and seems to have a long lasting battery.As far as shipping it came packaged really well and the condition is 9/10 with only a slight smudge on the top of lid."
1491,Did not come with a charger
1492,5 months is all this piece of crap lasted! Conveniently past the 90 warranty window.  I called the 3rd party seller and had a mini argument about their company standing behind their products...  He told he that I would have to take this into a repair shop to have a new microphone and camera installed.  I told him that I knew that this would cost more than the laptop itself.  It said it would be around $40.  Well guess what the report shop said.  Exactly what I knew from the beninging...it would cost $300 plus the laptop would never function the same.  DO NOT BUY!!  Save yourself the waste of money....  buy new and not from a 3rd party seller
1493,I have no cell phone to get instruction s - this is not a laptop  - the keys are different and I have no idea how to use this -  I can barely hear it -  it takes forever just to load facebook -  it constantly buffers -  I see why it was discounted  -  junk.
1494,I have another chromebook but it has an 11 inch screen.  I was surprised that this one with a 14inch screen has better battery life.  Mostly I am browsing internet so I don't need all of the slowness and problems associated with Windows 10.
1495,"Exactly as described. Havent tried the touch screen yet because I keep forgetting it's an option. The chromebook is definitely different then I'm used to, but it has been an easy transition."
1496,"I need Bluetooth for some things.  This unit will not run Bluetooth without completely taking away all my bandwidth for wifi.  I get 12M down but fire up Bluetooth and I drop to 1m or less.  So tube videos are  impossible to watch.  Even listening to just music via BT although not as drastic will still cause the audio to stutter/stop and start.The next thing is the wifi range is not as good as all my devices...  50 ft and the transfer rate down is a 1/3rd down...  <>8M....  All my devices run above 11M...  So sadly I am returning the unit.The BT issue has been known about for quite a while.  I would not have thought there would be any problem with BT...My Mac, PC win 10 laptop runs BT just fine an there is absolutely no bandwidth traffic!I borrowed a friends older Lenovo chromebook and it demonstrates the same thing.  His wifi speed was good.Jim"
1497,"So the laptop is very portable,  easy to use, and pretty fast. The problem is I bought this as a Christmas gift, so didn't open or test it when I got it. After opening it we found that the webcam doesn't work. We tried ever solution we could find online but nothing worked. I tried to contact the seller and they we next to useless just telling me to refresh it, then never replying again. So I ended up having to but another laptop for zoom meetings for school. If you can I'd at the very least avoid this seller."
1498,14 inch is a great size if you want something medium size. Very light weight and easy to use. Usbc cord is great so all of the devices that I own use the same charger. I got this for under 200 and it was well worth it if you need something to type and simple web browsing. My only wish was that this was touch screen and I didn't realized I needed touch screen at the time...
1499,DO NOT ORDER THIS!!! I ordered something this and got a lower grade of Chrome book(N22 which is worth less than half the price of the laptop in the display).
1500,"I've only had it about a week, and it has been constant troubleshooting.  When it works, I like the keyboard, the display is crisp and it boots up fast and switches tasks quickly.  But things didn't (and some still don't) work out of the box, and there is too much spamware installed.The right click on the touchpad did not function out of the box.  I researched a bit, couldn't find a good solution, but after I did a BIOS update for a different problem it seems to work now, although with a fiddly two finger gesture instead of just one finger clicking in the bottom right like every other laptop I've got.  It is a dice roll whether it registers both fingers or not, so you might get the right click menu, you might just open links or jump to somewhere else in the program and then have to get back and try again.  I'm guessing I'd get used to this.You do get Windows pre-installed.  The license key is a bit hard to find in case you need/want to reinstall it, but you can find it in the BIOS.  It boots real fast, so it is tricky to get to the BIOS menu.  Windows also doesn't seem to actually shut down, so when you open up the lid, it is already past the BIOS prompt (with the default settings).  Microsoft requires a Microsoft account to even use the computer, which isn't Lenovo's fault, but annoying.  Lenovo comes with ""helpful"" admin tools to update firmware and the BIOS, but you have to set up a Lenovo account to do so.  That is a pain, and I exited out, only to see that I've got an email verifying my Lenovo account, apparently populating it with info from the Microsoft account that I just set up.  I don't want to be paranoid, but Microsoft had me set up an account and five minutes later my information is being used to set up other accounts.  Not a good look for either side - how am I supposed to trust anything I do on this laptop?But even worse is the Lenovo software is like continuously being asked about your car's extended warranty, warning you about all the bad things that will happen and upselling you on better support.  How many people are buying a $500 laptop and needing on-site replacement services?The biggest problem by far is that I still don't know what the USB-C port does.  I initially set it up using my docking station.  USB-C charging didn't work.  It didn't recognize a second display.  It did recognize the ethernet connection and mouse and keyboard.  Reading up, it looks like it is fiddly with exactly which docking stations it will talk to.  I'm currently leaving one job, starting another, and for . . . reasons . . . , I currently have 5 daily use laptops, all of which work flawlessly with a ""high end"" Dell docking station.  I also have a ton of cheap ones from the last year hooking up school Chromebooks to various monitors.  None of them work with this Lenovo.  It will recognize the second display if I plug in the HDMI cable directly.  I have also tried any number of adapters to plug into the USB-C port - from Chromebooks, from a MacBookPro, from a dedicated USB charging hub that far exceeds the power requirements - no luck.  It doesn't recognize any of them to charge.  It does have a second charging port with a dedicated, proprietary connector which works well enough, but the brick that plugs to the wall is large and the cord is short-ish and the charging port is on one side of the machine only, which limits where I can actually use it.Speaking of which, the battery is nowhere near the 8.5 hours advertised.  More like 4, with the settings out of the box.  That is enough for me, but I had 75% charge left, suspended the computer and closed the lid, and it was completely empty 6 hours later.  I'm not sure you could be doing anything less with the computer, and it still drained the battery pretty quickly.  I've played with disabling some BIOS settings but don't see a huge difference.  If I don't have it plugged in overnight, it is dead in the morning.Other than that, no problems :)  I actually like the computer when it is running, it is much better than the one I am replacing, performance-wise.  But things did not work out of the box, and having a half-baked USB-C port that doesn't charge is probably a deal breaker for me.  I'm waiting on another docking station that has been reported to work well with this laptop before throwing away the days of configuration and returning it.  Who knows, maybe I just got a bum USB port and it does work out of the box for everyone else."
1501,"This is my second Lenovo and I wouldn't have bought another one if the first wasn't a gem. The touchscreen can be very handy if you aren't a touchpad user (which I'm not) and you don't have space to use a mouse (such as on a plane). The only drawback on this particular model is no backlit keyboard.  Otherwise,  I give it 5 stars."
1502,"I'm delighted with my new computer.... The only issue is that the fingerprint sensor isn't working, but everything is cool and despite the computer is made from plastic, it feels very classy."
1503,very good home type computer
1504,"WiFi died and even a complete software reset would not fix it, clearly a hardware issue. I am having to not only pay this seller to return it they are going to charge me a 20% restocking fee because I threw the box away THE DAY BEFORE IT DIED!"
1505,"According to the Yale School of Management, Lenovo continues to pursue business interests in the Russian Federation even though scores of other reputable companies have withdrawn from the country."
1506,"I bought this laptop for scientific computing, and I was waiting for one with an 8-core processor for parallelized computations. When I saw a Ryzen 8-core processor, 32 GB RAM, and the price, ~$900 before tax, it ticked. This HP-Ryzen laptop exceeded my expectations in speed and energy efficiency. I ran a benchmark test of Wolfram Mathematica (the software I use for computations) and the results were far above all other computers listed there for comparison. At the same time, the laptop does not consume much energy, its power adapted is small. I run a parallelized computation using all 8 cores for hours and the laptop's body is only a little bit warm. I do not hear any sound of the fan. This is a huge step forward in comparison to my previous laptops with Intel i7 processors that consumed a lot of energy and were getting hot even in the idling regime.On the other hand, it is apparently not a gaming laptop as it has an AMD Radeon graphics card, no expensive Nvidia that I don't need. Comparable gaming laptops (8 cores) on Amazon cost twice as much.I haven't found any serious drawbacks yet. A small drawback is that the keyboard is not illuminated from within, the body of this laptop and its keys are gray, while inscriptions on the keys are not white but grayish. With low light, you don't see them well, and you cannot work at night without a light. The keyboard is much better visible on my preceding Dell Inspiron laptop (Intel i5, also energy efficient and overall good) that has a black surface and keys, white key inscriptions, and keyboard illumination."
1507,"great update from my 10 yr old lenovo t430.it is light and super fast, sturdy built and i like the touch.setup was easy and upgraded to win 11 in no time. fabulous interface. like the new windows!very happy with the purcahse."
1508,Overall performance of the laptop is good. I primarily bought it for educational purposes and it definitely meets my needs.
1509,It never worked as it should it seemed to be reconditioned
1510,"I use the laptop for PowerPoints, projection, Xcel, etc.  Utilize it on a network and it hooked right up and worked great.  Not a single complaint.  Love it!"
1511,My people say it works great!
1512,"Mic doesn't pick up well when speaker is off or at edge of camera, but it is faster than the Ryzen 5 I murdered, lighter weight, too. I thought I would miss my 17in screen, but 15in is okay since the resolution is good."
1513,"This is a long review.  To summarize, you get what you pay for and then some.  This is a very usable package at a bargain price.  Nothing is top-of-the-line, but you will get a nice, compact machine for web-based activity.This is my first Chromebook.  Previously I have used Macs and laptops from Toshiba and Lenovo.  I decided to go with a Chromebook because I mostly email, browse pages, Zoom, and watch Youtube.  Anything I need to do document-wise can be covered by Google.  The compactness and long battery life is a big plus.  I'm tired of big, heavy laptops wearing holes in my bags.This Chromebook weighs 2-1/4 .lbs, which is excellent.  It is about the size of a magazine, so I would not hestitate to take it anywhere.  The body is plastic, which is durable and easy to keep clean.  It's not as nice as metal, but it is generally solid.  The bottom panel is a teeny bit loose, but that is a nitpick.Battery life is as advertised.  Depending what you do you get around 10 hours or more, which is more than double any laptop I have used.The screen opens to 135 degrees (or 45 degrees against the tabletop).  I was disappointed it did not open to a full 180, but I can work with it.  Screen brightness is listed at 220 nits (on the low end), but don't let that deter you; it is as bright as my 8 year old Macbook and my Lenovo laptop assigned by work. For indoor use, it works just fine.  If you work outside, you will have to find shade.  The display quality is not the best, but perfectly useable.  It is an IPS display, which provides better viewing angles and color rendition.  The 11.6"" screen is enough real estate for watching videos and reading the news.  I can type this review and read my email side by side.  This is also a touch screen, which seems to work fine in my limited experience.  When laying down with the Chromebook on my chest, it's nice to just browse using the touchscreen.  I have downloaded a few Android games, and they work great on the touchscreen.  IMO spend more for the touch screen if you want to use Android apps.The keyboard is a comfortable size.  I am typing efficiently without making lots of mistakes.  Most of the keys are where you expect them to be.  The specialized Chrome keys don't interfere.  The keys themselves have a nice, positive response.  Equally responsive is the trackpad, which comes with a full repertoire of gestures for scrolling, zooming, and viewing apps.  One thing I noticed is you can only physically click on the botton half of the touchpad, but I usually tap to click.The on-board speakers are a nice surprise.  They are loud and clear.  An audiophile might find them slightly tinny, but I can listen to music for hours using just these speakers.  There is minimal distortion when I crank the volume up to max. Of course, there is a headphone jack and bluetooth capability.32 gigs of memory may be challenged if you install a lot of apps.  The Chrome System takes up about 13 GB on its own. I have inserted a 128 GB Micro SD card, which can be used as storage for Android apps that support it.  For example, I can download music from Youtube Music to my SD card.  Documents from the Text editor and Camera app can be directed to the SD card as well.Regarding the processor, I don't do anything that has taxed this system yet.  I usually only have a couple of tabs and apps open, and I play a few games.  Keep in mind this is the same processor on the almost universally lauded Lenovo Duet Chromebook, so it is no slouch.The 720p webcam is adquate for web conferencing, taking snapshots or recording videos.  It's a little grainy with indoor lighting.  People seem to hear me fine using the internal microphone, but works best if you are sitting right in front of the computer.  The mic input can be adjusted if you expand the volume options in the wifi/battery/time options.One last cool thing is you can charge this Chromebook with a phone charger (with the right cable).  It is slow, and must be done while the Chromebook is not in use.  I was able to get 15% per hour using a basic phone charger.  It might be nice if you are traveling and don't need to lug around the clunky power supply that comes with this Chromebook.Overall, I am happy with my purchase. This is a nice value package that delivers."
1514,"I first want to say that mechanically this laptop worked great. The company that sent it also sent it very fast, arriving ahead of the projected date. Now that positivity is out of the way, why am i returning it?Say what you want about me, but i didn't realize that this device used a different OS. I originally wanted an affordable laptop for some word processing. Chrome OS does not allow you to do this. Functionally it could,  but it designed to be an internet browser and little else. Do you have a phone? Well, your phone is capable of everything this device can do and more. Why would anyone need a laptop with less functionality than a phone?Many software programs support a variety of operating systems. They do not currently work with Chrome OS. You cannot even attempt to download them. I have heard that you can download apps (not that i was able to experience this for myself), but that will be the only downloading of programs that you might have access to.This now leads to my final gripe, the device is basically online only.A browser cannot function without internet, so it is with this device. It seems to be so dependent on this that it actually bugged out when i tried to delete the only wifi connection it had. (which reminds me, there is no way that you can factory reset this device. There is no option to do so, take that as you will.) When you first start up this device, it will force you to connect to the internet. You can skip putting in you Google account info, but it will not allow you to proceed without internet.Tldr: Don't get anything with Chrome OS. Your phone is capable of so much more than this ever will be."
1515,"This is a great Chromebook for a middle to highschooler. It has a real long battery life charges quickly, and maintains a strong wireless signal. The touchscreen is very responsive and we haven’t had any problems with it at all. It has a very comfortable keyboard."
1516,"I only use a computer for personal stuff, e-mails, facebook, random stuff., a zoom meeting once a week. I'm 72 and needed a lighter, smaller one than my dinosaur of a laptop. This fits the bill perfectly. It weighs less than the average book, it has a very long battery life, its size and weight makes it easily portable, and I can have it outside on the deck for hours without losing power. I love the touchscreen, and it was not hard converting to the Chrome OS from Windows. The only thing this didn't offer was a backlit keyboard, but since It's white, w/white keyboard, It's not hard to see even in dim light. So easy to use and carry, and easily contains everything my old computer had downloaded--and that's a lot!  I Love It!"
1517,"It's very important to note, this is a Chromebook NOT a full-sized laptop, so this may be much smaller than expected.Personally, I love this Chromebook, size and all. It works great and has a pretty decent quality. No issues with so far with charging, battery life, crashing, etc. I would only hope for a better sound quality, as it doesn't get very loud at all. Plenty of storage space for me as well, as I use it for crafting (Design Space app, emails, saving photos, etc.) I would also recommend this for those looking for something small with a keyboard for school use."
1518,"This is perfect for what I need. I  am a writer and have been writing on a kindle tablet, and it was just too small."
1519,"I like the Chromebook, but it restarts itself every day on its own. I've had it for less than a month. I believe the MicroSD card slot is too close to the power cord slot. I leverage my thumb on the side of the Chromebook to pull the power cord out (the spot where the MicroSD card slot is) so I end up uninstalling the card. No, there's no other way to carefully remove the power cord. I've had several Chromebooks and never had issues until this one."
1520,"I didn't realize how small it was however it's a nice laptop,the screen did go black for a full day, it was charged an everything,for some weird reason it came back on, that's the only issue I've had with it"
1521,"Make sure you read the fine print. I received my chromebook. The package it was in was already opened. A little annoyed I paid for a new one and got a used one but it looked ok. Plug it in to start using it and check it out. Kept saying it was charging. Unplugged it the next day only for it to cut righty back off and say it was dead. I tried another chromebook charger and the same thing happened. So I decided to get some support. Amazon was nice but made me try all the things I already did. After nothing worked, again. They told me to contact the seller, there was nothing else they could do to help me. I reached out to the seller and got no reply. And apparently I can’t return it. For any reason whatsoever. So now I have a cr*p laptop that I just wasted $ on that I guess I’ll now have to pay to take somewhere to fix it. So annoyed and disappointed. I haven’t even had it a few days and can’t even return for a replacement or to get my money back. Cool cool cool. Thanks"
1522,"If my labtop goes to sleep, when I try to use it from sleep the screen is split.  The botton half is on top and the top part is on the bottom.  And nothing can be done to fix this other than logging out and shutting down and restarting the computer. This becomes very annoying after a while.  Also, with regularity, the notebook simply freezes and again, the only remedy is to shut down and restart. A third regret is that it is very, very slow, much slower than the 5-year old Acer Chromebook (similar price) that I am trying to replace because it's nearing 5-years old and Chrome no longer supports my Acer Chromebook with security updates.  The HP Chromebook is such poor quality that I don't use it anymore, I'm back to using my 5-year old Acer Chromebook.  I have a few more months until it's no longer supported.  I think I will try the Pixelbook Go, it seems to have good reviews and I have much higher hopes for it.  I'm so disappointed with the HP that I will never, ever consider another HP product.  Such low, laughable quality."
1523,I did not know that the Chromebook I purchased was ‘refurbished’ until I received it.  The price pd was for a new laptop. I feel cheated. I am not happy.
1524,"Its a basic Chromebook.  Nothing fancy but does exactly what I need it to do.  Internet searching, emails and can stream  amazon video.  Going to experiment with Google Docs and slides also.  For the money...I think it was a great purchase."
1525,"I was not sure I would like a Chromebook. Quick start up. Once you figure out how to work off line and navigate, it's not that different from other formats. You can easily add memory via a thumb drive or micro sd card. The only thing I can't do is a wireless connection to my printer.  Small inconvenience for the cost of the laptop. It is plenty fast for office apps and the internet with the battery lasting all day. Thumbs up."
1526,"The  HP Chromebook is an excellent multi purpose laptop. It can be used for researching online, budgeting and finances, games, music and movies. Shopping for anything needed for the entire family.Taking classes on line or for homework for students."
1527,"It looks new and is fast, has a long battery life, and is spot on what we needed.  Just a fast device that we can search the web on and project onto a television screen.  Lightweight so we can move it around easily and small so it tucks away when not in use.  Can't beat the price for this level of computer."
1528,"The laptop was purchased renewed. Be careful who you purchase from. Mine was severely compromised and infected all of my androids. I suggest to thoroughly inspect it first and if something seems out of the norm, return item immediately. Such as logging in and out. Be safe and spend a few xtra dollars on a new one if you can. I wish I would of. Just a warning. I'm sure not all of the sellers are untrustworthy but the few that are? Beware."
1529,We bought this product for my father in law as a gift.  He's a novice to say the least at technology and couldn't be more pleased with the product.  Company did a great job and it arrived two days after the purchase in a secure box and packaged to ensure no damage would take place.  I would definitely order from them again!
1530,The laptop I received is not what I expected. This laptop does not want to turn on no matter what power adapter I use. The problem is with the computer itself. It's very inconvenient and incredibly disappointing.
1531,was delivered with a user id still on it.  renewed?  No one even looked at it.  Total BS
1532,This computer does NOT have a backlit keyboard as advertised in the product description.
1533,"My only gripe is the screen itself. Has a backlight sheen, so you have the have the right angle to see colors correctly. Had to download a second party program to change gamma and brightness, but it looks better now.Has SD slot, and my first Windows 11 computer. Everything installs and works properly. A backlit keyboard would be nice, but I knew it didn’t have one when I bought it."
1534,"I just got this computer today and my first impression is: it's loud. The keys are not clicky but sort of hollow sounding, which isn't too bad. The fans turn on and off constantly and WEEEESHHHHHHHH for minutes at a time (all I've done so far is load Chrome). The worst thing for me is the touchpad makes a sound like you're dragging your finger over bad paper from grade-school chapter books. I'm autistic (and admittedly have a headache right now ((there go the fans for no reason))) and I'm extremely sensitive to noises and this fffsffssffsfsfsfsfssssssss sound is super irritating. My old HP had a nice smooth touchpad that literally made NO NOISE, why oh why would they change it? I'm already trying to duck the noise my own fingers are making, or using my other hand to cover it up to deaden the noise. I'll end up using this with headphones in a lot, which will make my husband sad...Still sitting here with the fans going, and they actually cover up the noise of the touchpad... That's not a solution.I'm sure I'll be back with more to say but this was my immediate unhappy impressionnext day update: WHY DIDN'T ANYONE MENTION THAT ####### ### ###### ######## ###### LIGHT ON THE F6 KEY ????? It comes on when you push mute,,,,which, I ALWAYS have my computer on mute. I realise I could just turn down the volume but I want to push the mute button. And now when I do, this annoying orange light comes on that's a tiny sun in a dark room, very distracting. I hate it and now have put .99 cent nail polish on my 750$ machine.FEW DAYS LATER: the nail polish is holding up, but using this thing with only WoW running on it (that's it, that's all that on it) it's like being on the moores on a windy night. Just WEeeEEEEEEEeSHHHSEeWWEEEEEEEEESssshEEEEEEEWEEEEEEEHHHHHWWSSSSSS constantly from the processors, it's high pitched and incessant.The arrow keys are weird shaped and too small (for laptop gaming purposes) but at least the entire spacebar and touchpad work which is more than I could say for the Dell I had."
1535,"I was skeptical when I ordered this because there was not a model included in the description. But I have never had an issue returning anything I have ordered through Amazon in the past so I decided to go for it.Yes, it is an HP laptop! It is actually an hp laptop model 15-ef2127wm . I ordered the one with 32GB RAM and 1 TB SSD drive. I wanted something with similar specs to my desktop pc. I have been extremely pleased with the performance!I tried to take a picture since the product information is on the bottom of the laptop. However, the font is extremely small and the black on gray isn't the best contrast so the image tends to be blurry. If I could change one thing about it I would have the keyboard backlit. I like that the cooling vent is on the top between the screen and the keyboard. I tend to play City of Heroes Homecoming for hours on end. I changed my graphics settings for the appearance over performance and this laptop never seemed to get hot even after 8 hours of gaming!I am not into VR gaming so you might check with HP on that. it will upgrade to Windows 11. I personally have not done this because my desktop pcs are not compatible and I like to have everything on the same operating system."
1536,"I've been looking for a new laptop.  This is the third one I've bought, and I'll probably end up keeping it against my better judgement just because I'm tired of looking.  My main issue is that the product listing says this is a new 2022 model.  And it comes with UDB-C data only.  None of my docking stations work with it at all.  It doesn't send video.  No charging.  It doesn't recognize etherrnet.  It doesn't recognize a mouse or keyboard or anything besides a USB storage device.  Yes, you can use the HDMI port on the laptop and that works fine.  And it has two USB A ports for a keyboard and mouse and you can hope you don't need anything else.  And you can pray you don't lose or damage the charger, because it is of course non-standard.  I move between my desk and other areas enough that plugging and unplugging all of the peripherals multiple times a day is not a good thing.This isn't the highest end laptop, but for the price missing this functionality makes no sense.  My $150 chromebooks have had this for years, as have all of my work laptops from a variety of manufacturers.You might ask why I'm on my third laptop and why I still keep making this error?  The product copy of this on Amazon doesn't mention it either way.  But, I had other questions, and found the model on other websites and the HP website, and those indicated a docking station was supported.  The previous one I returned to Amazon because it specifically said it had support and didn't.  The first one I returned somewhere else, because I saw USB-C and charging/monitors have been supported for so long, I just assumed this would work, plus one of the pictures talked about USB-C and had a picture of multiple monitors but had photoshopped all the wires out and they said after the picture was showing using the HDMI port on the laptop.This is also the reason I'm keeping it.  I look around at other similarly priced or slightly higher ones, and it is really difficult to tell if returning yet another one will make a difference - I guess I'll have to go see them in person to tell for sure.  Now, if I wanted a Chromebook, I know I could get one at 1/3 the price that supports this, but I really need a functional SSH client and X-Windows display.All of that said, the laptop is functional enough.  Fast to boot, quick to compile code, fast switching between programs, good display, above average battery life.  If only they'd tossed in a $5 part to have a real port."
1537,"Nice computer, fast, good screen, but just stopped working after 3+ weeks of light use. You can turn it off, but the hard-drive continues running in the background and you cannot turn it on again for days! Fully charged, maybe you are in luck to turn it on -but- on most days you are OUT OF LUCK! Will return for credit! Used the Amazon Return policy within the allotted time period, printed the return label and returned item with extra packaging ($21) to the seller via UPS. Item was returned to seller on 2/6/2022 confirmed by UPS tracking and I am still waiting for a full refund by seller / Amazon."
1538,"I wanted 16 GB of RAM and SSD hard drive but didn't need a ton of space.  Some of the complaints I have read are valid.  The USB-C port does not support video.  Hard to find anywhere in the description but if that's a deal breaker for you look for USB-C Thunderbolt.  There is an actual Thunderbolt beside the USB-C port.  I almost returned the unit because of the keyboard.  Although I didn't care if it was back lit (it's not), the contrast between the letters and key is not good.  I could not see the symbols in low light.  I bought a silicon keyboard cover for about 8 bucks from the Big A and now can easily see and I am more protected from spills.  For casual users this is a great unit.  It's light and I like the screen size and the 10 digit pad built in.  You want 3 screens and a ton of ports, better dig deeper into your wallet."
1539,"This laptop was not advertised as having a touchscreen and does not have one, and is the reason for not rating a touchscreen.This laptop was for my grandson to have for school work and the on-line games he likes to participate in. He loves it and from what I have seen the laptop is very responsive and will work for him through school. Additional software is needed for word processing, etc. The only thing I did not like is, when opening and turning on the laptop it immediately goes into a setup and is a not pre-installed with Windows 11 OS, with only your personal preferences and connectivity to setup. I will update this review if to the contrary in a couple of months from now. So far, I do not expect to have to do an update."
1540,"Well it worked for about 3 days before it had fatal OS issues, I have been in contact with HP since then and have ran the hardware tests a half dozen time and had to install windows 10 in order to get back to having an OS, but now the laptop cannot find a network... ""update"" returned laptop after wasting days trying to get it fixed, but hey there's a 72$ restocking fee for a garbage laptop so that's always nice."
1541,It is bowed in the middle and twangs when I type.  Computer is fast and screen is good.  Is this a genuine HP laptop?
1542,"I love everything about this HP laptop the quality, the screen, and battery life; everything is excellent! A good investment for doing university classes. Also, suitable for work/professional purposes as well."
1543,"With only minor signs of use and a first boot fatal error that required a rescue usb, after around 2 weeks of use I must say that this is the right minimum specs for a daily office work without issues. 64gb allows to install some linux apps to work, battery arrived with 96% of health in diagnosis. I don't think you can't get better specs these days for the price. Recommended"
1544,"Received in perfect condition, no sign of prior use. Chrome OS loaded normally and was updated to latest edition without issues. International delivery was surprisingly fast."
1545,The battery life wasn't good and came with a scratch on top.
1546,"Very well built and with an elegant design. Good processor, very fast. Quiet fan operation, cool keeping in palm rest area.I was surprised by the fact that it came with an ""HDD Kit"" (connectors), to expand the storage capacity with an internal HDD disk (I asked Asus and they replied that a HDD or SSD of up to 1 TB can be installed, to expand the capacity storage).Asus customer service is very good (it comes with MyAsus software that makes communication very easy); is one reason I bought this brand. Two years ago I bought an Asus 13 ""Notebook, I had a software problem with the keyboard lighting and in a few messages they guided me on how to solve it, until now I have never had problems again.I sincerely recommend this Notebook."
1547,"Light weight, great start up speed with SSD drive.  Keyboard backlighting good for dim lights but key letters hard to see in medium light.  Ability to turn off keyboard backlighting is a plus and actually makes letters easier to see in bright light."
1548,"I've been using my new ASUS VivoBook computer for over a week and have a few comments.  First, it's a great computer for those folks who like to work in the dark.  The contrast between the silver keys and the lighted characters is poor at best.  Key F7 allows four settings for the brightness of the characters, but the brightest one is still too dim. I find it easy to see the keyboard if I work in a dimmed setting.  I've owned two ASUS computers previously and both have had excellent keyboard contrast. Why did they change to a poor contrast keyboard? Without this fault I would give it a 5 star rating.This is sold as a portable computer.  At five pounds it might be better described as transportable.This computer does NOT have a touch screen as is advertised by Amazon. This is a good screen if you don't like looking at finger prints.Going to ASUS for help sends you to a ""paid-for"" tech group. This is a helluva way to provide support and ASUS should be ashamed!"
1549,"Great laptop; very fast processor (i7), good RAM memory and nice solid state drive; there is no Touch Screen so don't know why Amazon wanted a rating on it; there are 2 issues:  support is only by email (almost useless for computers) and although it says it will support 2 monitors, it will ONLY if you close the laptop's lid; video card only supports a ""TOTAL"" of 2 monitors so don't plan on using the laptop's screen if you intend to use 2 external monitors - lid must be closed for it to display on both external monitors"
1550,"Bought for my husband after his other asus only lasted 18mths. I was skeptical to say the least, but this was what he wanted. Aside from the volume being horrible, it appears to be working just fine. We’re only 2mths into it so I’m still very cautious."
1551,"In the market for a new laptop?  I've found this unit to be exceptional, compared to my older Dell Latitude.  Speed, and the 17-inch screen feels good on my aging eyes."
1552,Very happy so far--only drawback is that the speakers on this laptop don't get very loud....
1553,"This laptop is a solid, well-built device with speed, great display, and a good keyboard.  The only downside I see is the audio quality.  Not as good as I had hoped."
1554,
1555,"Very nice laptop the screen is the right size, the only downside I have is the keys can be hard to see at times"
1556,"This one has a super fast boot up time. The only issue I have so far is that the Capslock button had a light that worked when you clicked on it (so you know when it's enabled) but now it does not light up. The computer it self is pretty good. After doing so extensive research, this one was the ""worth it"" laptop that I needed. Good for school work and office work. Comes in ""windows S mode"" but its easy to switch out to a regular mode. All you need to do is install Chrome and google will tell you exactly what you need to do to switch out of the ""S"" mode. Screen quality isn't HD but you really won't notice the difference. I would have given a five star rating if it wasn't for the capslock issue. I wish they made this with a white color design.Update-  Some vibrations and crack in sound but still working good."
1557,"Very disappointed, this was advertised as touch screen then on the description it says non touch screen and it’s much smaller than described. Very disappointed."
1558,We mainly use this Computer for zoom meetings and work so it works perfectly for emails and things like that nothing special for us
1559,"I bought this laptop because I really don't need anything fancy AT ALL! It was just supposed to be for my kids when they needed to do homework, and for me to use to search a few things on the internet and check my email.... THATS IT! It was RIDICULOUS! I seriously timed it just to prove my point, and from the time I turned it on to the time it was ready to actually use it took 15 MINUTES!! Now I am not one of these young kids who think if things don't happen in a blink of an eye, it is slow and I get mad. I grew up with dial up and so I am used to sitting and waiting on a computer. But this was worse than that. It would never fully load, when I typed on it, it wouldn't keep up, and it was always just turning off. Then to turn it back on, well that was quite the process that sometimes wouldn't happen that day. I am not techy in the least, I just want a computer to turn on, let me search a few things, and let my kids search a few things. I didn't think I asked that much. This computer didn't agree with me. So if you have the patience of JOB, this laptop just may be for you. If not, don't waste your time."
1560,"This is my first Dell and I’ve called customer service twice for minor issues and they really go the extra mile, I’ve never experienced such great customer service before. Before purchasing my Dell laptop, I read about their renowned customer service and now I know it’s the real deal. My only complaint is the lackluster black generic case, miss having a shiny case; otherwise superb product."
1561,"This laptop was a Christmas gift for my wife.  It powered up and the setup was done without issue.  We used it for a day, doing web-based apps and even watched some YouTube videos with no issues.  We used it again a couple of days later, but the performance was very poor.  Screens would hang and freeze for extending periods.  It was unusable.  We powered down and closed the device.  We were out of town and returned home a week later.  It powered up and was useable for a little while (an hour or two), then again became slow.  When typing a word, each letter would take several seconds to complete.  It was extremely frustrating and disappointing so we have returned it."
1562,"Out of the box it was slow to start up and even slower to open any app. I spent days researching how to speed it up and still failed to get it to work. Issue others have with this model is for some reason, even with 16GB or more of Ram, it still has high CPU and high Disk use ongoing. Even when not doing anything. Activity monitor show this clearly. Worst part was I could not fix after a week(am pretty PC knowledgable), I contacted Dell and they finally concluded it must be a software issue and not hardware so I would have to pay them $99 to have tech help fix.Very let down since my first PC ever was a Dell XPS series that was awesome and lasted me 6 years.  It's a brand new PC and I have to pay to fix it. I thought he was joking. So I sent it back and ordered Macbook Pro."
1563,"Computer was ordered with both SSD and HDD drives. The operating system was installed on the SSD while the HDD was unformatted and could not be seen by Windows 10. I am glad I was savvy enough to use utilities to see if the HDD was indeed installed, otherwise I would have had to return to the vendor and pay the return shipping fees (UPS would have been $34). If I had sent this to my wife or other family members, they sure would have returned the computer for not having the purchased second drive (HDD)."
1564,"My new job as a department head for a city means I need to work almost anywhere on any given day - my office, a conference room, a public event, out in the Industrial Park or out of town. I have used this laptop for 60 days now in my car, my office, at the fire department, out in the desert at a solar farm and in three different cities. It just works everywhere and every time I need it. It connects instantly to my office wifi and my portable cellular signal hotspot every single time.The touchscreen is responsive and easy to use in tablet form or as a regular laptop. The ability to convert to a tablet has been immensely useful on the go for me - I bought the companion pen/stylus separately to add property line markers and such on satellite photos out in the field. I fold the computer and go into tablet mode seamlessly as needed. The overall processing speed is more than enough and I haven't experienced any lag at all even with multiple files, programs and functions going at once. It runs Microsoft Office and additional photo editing software and other stuff without any drama.I drag this laptop around in a padded case in a tote bag with various files I need for the day and it's light enough that I don't feel like I'm carrying an extra 10lbs of nonsense after a 10 hour day. My only real complaint is that the fingerprint reader is not always easy to use or fully functional. I have actually just quit messing with it entirely and instead use a 6 digit pin number to unlock the computer. It's been a dream for Zoom connections both in my office and on the go with the wifi hotpot only. I'm very glad I chose this laptop instead of the Surface or something different."
1565,This laptop was the best deal of Christmas 2020!! It's an amazing price for everything that comes with it! My 13 yo son uses it primarily for gaming and has only good things to say. Buy this!! You won't be disappointed!
1566,"The last laptop I bought - a Lenovo - had an optical drive. So nearly a decade old. But it was a total workhorse for work and home use. And needed replacement.After *lots* of reading and research I landed on the Samsung Galaxy Book Pro, in no small no part because my Samsung Galaxy 10+ phone has done so well.Also? This was in stock! Several others I looked at were either out when I started looking, or went to backorder while I was on the hunt. And the Amazon 5-payment plan was a little kinder on my budget.Screen is incredible. Backlit keyboard. RAM is nearly triple what my old machine had (16gb v 6), so using Photoshop now is no big deal while I'm using several other apps simultaneously. It sure used to be. And it takes about a second - yep - once you flip the screen open to wake.Downside? It's *very* thin and *very* light compared to my old machine, so that's taken some getting used to. I need to hold it in place while I open the screen. And right now it actually sits ON the old one when I'm working. But it's still new yet.Looks like it's a bit more expensive now ( I paid about $1100) but I think still a deal for what you'll be getting, esp if you haven't upgraded in a while as was my case.Highly recommend."
1567,Super fast laptop.The screen is beautiful. I love the light weight.Nice packing.Best laptop I've ever won.The sould quality is amazing for this thin laptop. (You will have to go to the sound setting and press the advance speaker quality to activate the best sound possible)
1568,This it's totally defected. I'm sending it tomorrow through UPS back to Amazon due to the fact that it will not charge. Stops at 44% and doesn't go on and it should charge in 30 minutes from what the information States. I am totally disappointed. There was no adapter in it either.
1569,"Llevo unas semanas con mi Samsung Galaxy Book Pro y estoy más que feliz con ella, porque es súper rápida, sensible y con una calidad de imagen en la pantalla super espectacular ¡Lo mejor de lo mejor! Y más siendo a ese precio."
1570,I absolutely hated windows 11 it's garbage and cost me down time trying to navigate is bs os
1571,"Having laptops provided by employer for several years, I hadn’t purchased in a while. Usually I think budget, but this time I splurged a bit and I am very happy.Super lightweight and very fast startup and waking. AMZN also providing good link for MS 365 Office"
1572,The laptop came with a faulty boot system and I had to install the Windows 11 from scratch to get it work. The laptop was unable to repair itself. It's actually a used one from the Amazon warehouse buy at least they should have warned that it might be defective.
1573,Great Sound! Easily the finest laptop audio you can ask for at this price. Screen flickering at lowering brightness and does not look sharp enough for Full HD resolution. AMOLED colors are great as usual. battery life is decent.
1574,Super fast machine. Fantastic screen resolution and color rendition. Lots of memory for manipulating big data files. Can't find anything to complain about. Writing code to do financial analysis on large Account Receivable files. The speed is amazing.
1575,"Great device, really like it. Lightweight, fast, quiet, long battery life. Best notebook I had ever!The only disadvantage found by now - camera quality is quite poor.Even my 5 years old macbook has better camera."
1576,"Just like that title says ... Nice Upgrade from my old Alienware-18 Gaming Laptop but the sound ABSOLUTELY SUCKS!. I had to buy a set of external speakers to go with it. It sounded like someone stuffed a pillow into the speakers, it is very muffled and beyond far too (fake-sounding) bassy."
1577,"I could sit here and write all about the specs on this computer, but they are already in the description, and If you are like me... you don't really understand it anyways.So I am going to tell you what I LOVE about this computer and what I use it for. I am a full time college student as well as a single mother who stays busy. I have previously used a HP All In one computer that I bought brand new a year ago and I hate that thing... It is so slow!!! When I first opened this item, I was just hoping that it would be a little faster! What I got instead was an amazing computer that is faster than I could have ever imagined. Now I don't use this thing for much more than amazon reviews, school work, and papers. But this is exactly what I needed.It navigated quickly between web pages, my Microsoft word programs opens instantly and doesn't take forever to load like my HP does. The picture of this monitor is just beautiful. Everything is so clear. I love that the keyboard has a back light so I can see the keys if I need to take a look at them while I am typing, but the back lights go away after a few seconds, so if you are watching a movie, the lit up key board will not bother you.This computer is so light weight and easy to carry. I love the sleek design of it as well. This would be a great computer for anyone who just needs a basic computer for the internet or spreadsheets. I would feel at ease taking this computer with me to college or sending it off to college with my children, and I wouldn't worry if they had the ability to complete their assignments in school. I am so so so happy with this product!"
1578,"This is the best laptop deal you can get, full stop.Touchescreen? Nope. That feature is stupid in a laptop, in my view. As you use the keyboard, incidental touche s of the screen change focus or move to different screens--touchscreen is a gimmick and sucks.The screen on this laptop is worth the price by itself. Gorgeous, black is actually black, it rivals my AOC gaming desktop monitor.The Ryzen chip inside can be overclosked if you feel like it, but it is not needed. It is plenty fast for a laptop.This is set up to add memory and a hard drive. Do so. I spent an additional $50 to add a 1tb drive and an 8gig memory stick.  In so doing, I have the same specs as a $700 consumer laptop.Gaming? I stream from my desktop, it's perfect. It won't run any modern games at more than low settings (if that) but you don't need to run them onboard if you have a gaming machine. DO NOT BUY THIS TO PLAY GAMES ONBOARD. Stream via Steam, it's perfect.Buy this for $300, spend an additional $50 or $100 on memory and storage, and sit back and realize that you got a premier laptop for 1/3 the money people are spending on nothing.Build quality is bomber. Eveything is solid, no rattles, no warps. Others have ripped on the touchpad--can't tell the difference between this and any other laptop touchpad. It isn't loose, responds as usual, no problem.The screen is GORGEOUS and much better than laptops at twice or three times the price.I actually like the compressed number pad on the right. If you aren't doing a lot of 10-key stuff, it's what you need.The keyboard backlight stays on while you're typing, shuts off when you aren't. Perfectly configured.This boots in about 15 seconds.It has some heft, but is still very light. Hard to describe, but you can carry this all day in your backpack and not even know it is there. The power brick is about the size of a Toblerone tube. I plan on buying an extra to travel with.This will work as a consumer laptop as is, like I said, but add some memory and a hard drive and you are CRUSHING.I can't sing the praises of this enough.Buy this, add a drive and a memory stick and you get a premier laptop for less than $400. And you get a better screen, too. And anyone can do that, it isn't tough at all. If you can turn a screwdriver, you can update this machine.Make sure to go in and turn S mode off. First, activate Windows, then go to the store and turn off S mode.This is much better than what other companies are offering as a budget laptop."
1579,"A very reasonably priced laptop for basic computing needs. The specs that stick out to me for describing this as ""basic needs"" is 4GB of RAM, and 128GB M.2 SSD. Both are at the bare minimum in today's needs. Cell phones now come with those specs( high dollar ones though..).Seems like one of the goals of this laptop is to keep an aesthetically pleasing design. Just 1 3.1 USB port and 2 2.0 USB ports are included, one headphone/mic jack, 1 slim RJ45 port, HDMI, and power input plug. No external battery.2 things that stuck out to me when I started using: screen and sound quality. The screen is very sharp and high contrast. Black is actually black. Very impressed. I was also surprised by the audio quality. I don't expect much from laptop speakers, especially low priced ones, but was pleasantly surprised on how clear the audio is.The back panel of the laptop does not have any easy access ports to swap out hard drives or RAM. Instead, you remove 10 or so Philips screws to remove the entire panel. I've already swapped out the 4GB RAM stick for an 8GB. Easy enough.The laptop includes an M.2 SSD. The pro to this is you still have the option of adding a traditional sized disk to expand your storage, without needing to worry about reinstalling an OS or attempting to clone the included drive.Almost puked when I thought I was locked-in to ""S Mode"" When I went to unlock S-mode, Windows kindly directly me to pay >$100 to purchase a license! I was furious thinking this was some new scheme to sell laptops without a full legitimate Windows license and instead lock you into a Microsoft only app store. I forget the exact steps I took, but somewhere I found that there was an error in activating my Windows license, and I had to click a troubleshoot button, then it magically worked and got me out of S mode. Disaster averted.A couple of things that annoy me:-The touchpad feels a little loose to me. Just gently touching it causes it to move and you can hear a plastic on plastic sound, its distracting...-The keyboard backlight turns off after a set amount of time, you must press a key for it to illuminate again. Moving the mouse/touchpad does not cause the keys to light up. You must touch a key. I see the is a BIOS option for disabling the timeout. I've disabled it but it appears to have no effect. It still turns off.-The slim-line RJ45 port seems messed up... I pull the flap down and it does not open far enough to insert a connector. I will probably never use it.. but what gives?"
1580,"A few months after the purchase....It is still running good and I bought 5 more for my colleagues, so I bought all together 8 machines.  My of my colleagues need more memory while some need less.  So what I do is, for those who need more, I took the 4GB RAM out from their machine and put it in the machine of the colleague who needs less.  So 1 machine got 2x4G running in dual channel with identical RAM and install a new 2x8G for the original machine.  To be honest, difference for 4 to 8 is high, but little difference from 8 to 16.  So those in a tight budget can save your money._____________________This laptop is great.  For this price, there is nothing to complain.I use this for basic computer needs at home.  What I will do with is just Office, surfing, youtube, netflix.  This computer handles it really well, all very smoothly.What I like most is the screen.  It is IPS.  At this price point (310 for me), most laptops are bundled with TN display, which be honestly is a deal breaker.  The screen here is gorgeous.  I do not see much difference to my gaming laptop which cost me thrice.  Sound is good, keyboard design average.  I don't like the small num pad.  Some people complained on the backlight, but I don't need this function.  But the num lock indicator, however, is important but wasn't there.On the spec, there is just 4G of RAM.  You can, however, upgrade it easily.  There are 10 screws at of back.  Open it and you can add another slot of RAM and another HDD.  My recommendation, upgrade to 8 or 16G and add another SDD drive immediately after the setup is done as 128G storage will not be enough.  For gaming, I am yet to test it, but at 310, don't expect anything.Ar..  the Windows S issue, google Windows S Switch and you will know how to change it back to Windows 10 Home.  It is just a few clicks and a few minutes.  Everyone can do it.After all, a great computer.  My family members ordered 2 when they see mine.  Highly recommend."
1581,BUYER BE AWARE: This computer has Microsoft 10S. This is scam software by Microsoft to force you to use only Microsoft apps from their deserted island wasteland of an app store. The computer will not allow you to do anything else. You can upgrade to a full version of Microsoft 10... for another $134. Hard pass. STAY AWAY from ALL computers with Microsoft 10S!! Absolute garbage software.
1582,"I got this for my ten year old son because it's a great laptop for kids. It has a solid state hard drive which means there's no moving parts and it can take more abuse. In other words I'm not going to worry when my son throws this into his backpack. It's also pretty lightweight and portable.I was, however, a little on the fence about S mode. So what is this? It's a locked down version of Windows 10. It is somewhat limiting in that you can't just run any program you want, it has to be a program solely from the windows store. For example, you have to use Bing as your search engine. You have to use Microsoft Edge as your web browser. For those who are interested in programming, you can't use command-line shells. Pretty limiting right? But the advantage is that the laptop is safer from viruses and malware since there is so much control over what programs can be used. It's very stable and ""safe."" If it tells you anything, Microsoft markets S-mode laptops to schools because of this safety and stability. Now you can easily scrap the S mode at anytime, but once you leave S mode you can't come back.Other things of note: Upon startup the default settings really lets Microsoft snoop on every little thing you do. I had to disable much of this. If you are handing this over to a kid, I would recommend you do the same. But otherwise, startup was very easy. Cortana talks to you and after you've answered some questions (literally, you can speak the answers) everything is set up.I did notice the speakers are very weak, but honestly I am seldom impressed with laptop speakers. That's when Bluetooth speakers come into play and you can do that easily with this. The screen is not a touch-screen which, I suppose, at this price point you can't really expect.I also saw this laptop has a night setting, which I love. Starting at 8pm, the display minimizes blue light so as not to mess with your body's sleep cycle. That, to me, was a HUGE plus!So would I recommend this? If you are a computer programmer or hope for your kid to be a computer programmer than no, absolutely not. But if you're just wanting to use a computer without necessarily knowing how the parts and software work then YES! This would be a GREAT laptop for you! I can also see this as a great tool for senior citizens as well because if how user-friendly everything is set up to be."
1583,It runs amazing
1584,"*UPDATE : The labtop completely died near end of warranty, would not charge or power up. Acer replaced motherboard, about 2 weeks turn around time.-The only down side is the 4 gb of ram. 128 nvme is AMAZING at this price, makes the labtop amazingly snappy. Reads are in 1.3-1.4 GB/s range.The display is great for the price, viewing angles are fantastic. Perfect for media consumption. Easily comparable with labtops 2-2.5 times the price. This is bar far my #1 reason for keeping the machine. speakers arent great though, have bluetooth headphones handy.I was able to put POP OS 19 on it without an issue, everything worked perfectly and its very snappy. Due to the nvme you are going to get amazing snappiness.Fully upgradable! There is a included screws to mount 2.5 drive in the box, you can switch wifi card , add another stick  of ram , or swap the M.2.Ram runs at 2400 based on platform, so dont bother with expensive stuff.  The included one is rated at 2666.Stays cool since its a small chip. Fan isnt loud at 100%.Battery life lasts about 3-3.5 hours underload with brightness at 40%.I was able to run dawn of war ii and a few other older games at medium 1080P at half decent frame rates on linux, older games forsure though.Keyboard is good  , much better than idealpad3XX and swift3. I've seen much worst on  much  more expensive devices.I actually really like the aluminium cover, makes the device look premium.This is great machine to consume videos and do light typing without being frustrated by cost or the performance, A+ Acer for putting every dollar where it makes the user experience pleasant ."
1585,"The Acer 5 slim is sleek, beautiful, durable, lightweight, lightning fast (when upgraded to 16gb of ram), and has a ridiculously low price tag. It probably wouldn't be of much use for gaming or CAD, but for basic web browsing, office use, and video streaming, it will do well. I have added some pictures next to a macbook air for size comparison. The screen is bright and beautiful, offering 1080p resolution. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the keyboard lights up! I plan to use this laptop mainly to stream business news, news tickers, and follow several stocks on multiple tabs. For this reason, I knew the RAM upgrade would be necessary. This PC would likely be quite slow if you chose to keep the 4GB of RAM, as 2GB is shared memory. I would recommend at the very least adding another 4GB stick, as there is a slot available and a 4GB stick is quite cheap. I decided to add a second hard drive as well, 128GB is not much, if I recall correctly, only 98GB was available, and that was before any Windows updates!I spent an extra $116 on the following upgrades:Teamgroup 16GB (8GBx2) - 2666MHz , DDR4 Dual-channel laptop memory, and a Kingston 480GB A400 SATA 3 2.5"" Internal SSD hard drive. The fact that Acer made this laptop with 2 memory slots and a spot for a second harddrive is part of the reason this laptop has been a bestseller for so long. Without these options I wouldn't have considered purchasing it. I have included pictures of the laptop with the back cover removed, at various stages of adding the Kingston 2.5"" SATA harddrive. It is an incredibly easy procedure, but I thought some may benefit from the photos. A bag of screws to secure the harddrive actually came with the laptop, which I included it in one of the photos. Replacing the memory is straightforward. To remove the back panel to access the internals, you simply remove 10 phillips screws.After installing the second hard drive, you will probably need to head over to disk management to partition the new drive. Be very careful with this step, as you can really mess your computer up & delete data, if you click on the wrong things! I haven't installed a second hard drive in ages, I expected windows to gind the drive after the installation, but that wasn't the case for me!This PC includes Microsoft Windows 10 in S mode. I suppose some people will be ok with this mode, as it enhances security and performance by only allowing programs available in the Microsoft Store. The vast majority of us however, will want to switch out of this mode ASAP. Fortunately switching modes is a very simple procedure. Here is the process:Go to Settings  > Update & Security  > Activation.In the Switch to Windows 10 Home section, select Go to the Store. There is also an ""upgrade your edition of Windows"" section on the screen during this step, do NOT click the ""Go to the Store"" link below that!On the Switch out of S mode page that appears in the Microsoft Store, select the Get button.Congratulations! Your new computer now has Microsoft windows 10 home, without the restrictions of S mode!Bottom line - this laptop is an absolute bargain! I hope you found this review helpful, if so, please kindly click the ""helpful"" button! Thank you!"
1586,"I bought this laptop for its weight and that's about the only thing positive I can say about it.The processing power is not very strong, so performance-wise, I was not impressed. But with the pricetag considered, I'm all right with this.However, the biggest thing for me is the OS- WINDOWS 10-IN S MODE.I had never heard of S Mode, and I didn't notice this when I bought the laptop.Apparently, S Mode is Microsoft's way of ensuring that you only use their apps and products by blocking you from downloading any outside apps. You have to get them all through their store. So, for example, were I to try to download Norton's anti-virus from Norton's official site, Microsoft's S Mode would tell me that I am unable. Any and all files outside of their store are blocked from being downloaded.In order to leave S Mode, you have to change it in the settings, but then you have to use a registration key for Windows 10 Home or Pro. So I shelled out another $130 just to get a fully functioning OS. Factor that price into this laptop price. THEN- after purchasing Windows 10 Home, I had to keep trying over the course of 4 days for the laptop to accept me switching out of S Mode because Microsoft was conveniently having server errors on their side and so my request could not be processed at this time. This is a common issue, at least from what I read among those discussing S Mode on Reddit forums. Multiple people report that Microsoft has server issues when you try to opt out of S Mode.Very very unhappy with this laptop for the sole reason that the OS is Windows 10 in S Mode. It was inconvenient and one of the most useless things I have ever seen pre-installed on a computer. Created a major and unnecessary headache for me."
1587,"I was hesitant getting a Chromebook as I was concerned I'd miss being able to install windows programs, but so far I am really impressed with this. It was very quick to setup and easy to sync all of my Google account info. Having the ability to install Google apps is great. It's lightweight, runs fast, and seems to have a long lasting battery.As far as shipping it came packaged really well and the condition is 9/10 with only a slight smudge on the top of lid."
1588,Did not come with a charger
1589,5 months is all this piece of crap lasted! Conveniently past the 90 warranty window.  I called the 3rd party seller and had a mini argument about their company standing behind their products...  He told he that I would have to take this into a repair shop to have a new microphone and camera installed.  I told him that I knew that this would cost more than the laptop itself.  It said it would be around $40.  Well guess what the report shop said.  Exactly what I knew from the beninging...it would cost $300 plus the laptop would never function the same.  DO NOT BUY!!  Save yourself the waste of money....  buy new and not from a 3rd party seller
1590,I have no cell phone to get instruction s - this is not a laptop  - the keys are different and I have no idea how to use this -  I can barely hear it -  it takes forever just to load facebook -  it constantly buffers -  I see why it was discounted  -  junk.
1591,I have another chromebook but it has an 11 inch screen.  I was surprised that this one with a 14inch screen has better battery life.  Mostly I am browsing internet so I don't need all of the slowness and problems associated with Windows 10.
1592,"Exactly as described. Havent tried the touch screen yet because I keep forgetting it's an option. The chromebook is definitely different then I'm used to, but it has been an easy transition."
1593,"I need Bluetooth for some things.  This unit will not run Bluetooth without completely taking away all my bandwidth for wifi.  I get 12M down but fire up Bluetooth and I drop to 1m or less.  So tube videos are  impossible to watch.  Even listening to just music via BT although not as drastic will still cause the audio to stutter/stop and start.The next thing is the wifi range is not as good as all my devices...  50 ft and the transfer rate down is a 1/3rd down...  <>8M....  All my devices run above 11M...  So sadly I am returning the unit.The BT issue has been known about for quite a while.  I would not have thought there would be any problem with BT...My Mac, PC win 10 laptop runs BT just fine an there is absolutely no bandwidth traffic!I borrowed a friends older Lenovo chromebook and it demonstrates the same thing.  His wifi speed was good.Jim"
1594,"So the laptop is very portable,  easy to use, and pretty fast. The problem is I bought this as a Christmas gift, so didn't open or test it when I got it. After opening it we found that the webcam doesn't work. We tried ever solution we could find online but nothing worked. I tried to contact the seller and they we next to useless just telling me to refresh it, then never replying again. So I ended up having to but another laptop for zoom meetings for school. If you can I'd at the very least avoid this seller."
1595,14 inch is a great size if you want something medium size. Very light weight and easy to use. Usbc cord is great so all of the devices that I own use the same charger. I got this for under 200 and it was well worth it if you need something to type and simple web browsing. My only wish was that this was touch screen and I didn't realized I needed touch screen at the time...
1596,DO NOT ORDER THIS!!! I ordered something this and got a lower grade of Chrome book(N22 which is worth less than half the price of the laptop in the display).
1597,I did not know that the Chromebook I purchased was ‘refurbished’ until I received it.  The price pd was for a new laptop. I feel cheated. I am not happy.
1598,"Its a basic Chromebook.  Nothing fancy but does exactly what I need it to do.  Internet searching, emails and can stream  amazon video.  Going to experiment with Google Docs and slides also.  For the money...I think it was a great purchase."
1599,"I was not sure I would like a Chromebook. Quick start up. Once you figure out how to work off line and navigate, it's not that different from other formats. You can easily add memory via a thumb drive or micro sd card. The only thing I can't do is a wireless connection to my printer.  Small inconvenience for the cost of the laptop. It is plenty fast for office apps and the internet with the battery lasting all day. Thumbs up."
1600,"The  HP Chromebook is an excellent multi purpose laptop. It can be used for researching online, budgeting and finances, games, music and movies. Shopping for anything needed for the entire family.Taking classes on line or for homework for students."
1601,"It looks new and is fast, has a long battery life, and is spot on what we needed.  Just a fast device that we can search the web on and project onto a television screen.  Lightweight so we can move it around easily and small so it tucks away when not in use.  Can't beat the price for this level of computer."
1602,"The laptop was purchased renewed. Be careful who you purchase from. Mine was severely compromised and infected all of my androids. I suggest to thoroughly inspect it first and if something seems out of the norm, return item immediately. Such as logging in and out. Be safe and spend a few xtra dollars on a new one if you can. I wish I would of. Just a warning. I'm sure not all of the sellers are untrustworthy but the few that are? Beware."
1603,We bought this product for my father in law as a gift.  He's a novice to say the least at technology and couldn't be more pleased with the product.  Company did a great job and it arrived two days after the purchase in a secure box and packaged to ensure no damage would take place.  I would definitely order from them again!
1604,The laptop I received is not what I expected. This laptop does not want to turn on no matter what power adapter I use. The problem is with the computer itself. It's very inconvenient and incredibly disappointing.
1605,was delivered with a user id still on it.  renewed?  No one even looked at it.  Total BS
1606,This computer does NOT have a backlit keyboard as advertised in the product description.
1607,"If you’re wondering if this laptop will run your favorite games at least at medium or low settings, YES. Don’t let the low price fool you, AMD has upped the laptop game with this processor. I’m running Fortnite with a steady 120fps on 1080p High settings. And this is only with the one 8gb stick of ram. If you add one more 8gb stick, which costs like $50 or so, you will increase the performance a LOT because this AMD processor relies on having both RAM slots occupied to run best. I’m only using the one 8gb stick and it’s running this well, so if you spend the extra $50 you’ll have a really good laptop for casual gaming at the same price as a PS4 right now. We’ve come a long way from before when all computers that you could even think about running any sort of game on costed atleast $700, and that’s for a desktop. I love it."
1608,"this won't blow your mind if you're looking for a gaming laptop, but it's a very powerful AMD Ryzen laptop at a price point you'll only find with budget laptops rocking a Celeron or other wimpy CPU.physically very lightweight and very quiet (fans hardly ever kick in, and when they do, they're almost silent). it has a plastic body, but they make up for this by using a very attractive deep blue color, reminiscent of the old Silicon Graphics workstations and other 90s hardware I used as a kid. the keys are dark graphite with white backlit letters. one USB C port is the only downside I could see here (data only - no charging via this port)... though it does have a card reader and a fingerprint reader for the power button. the supplied charger is slim similar to the one you would find with a cell phone. comes with 4GB RAM soldered to the board plus a swappable 4GB (DDR4 3200MHz) which you can change out for 8GB to get 12GB total RAM. in terms of software, it comes with Windows 11 Home, which has the strange downside of requiring a Microsoft account to sign in and lacking the ability to join a domain and other more advanced networking features. minimal bloatware from Lenovo (all of which can be uninstalled, though you probably want to keep the Lenovo Utilities package to manage the hotkeys). comes with the ""free"" version of Office 360 as well as a 1yr version of McAfee Antivirus. this beats anything I saw at the big box stores in both specs and price; more than just a basic laptop. this matches or outperforms my Macbook Pro."
1609,I know you get paid for allowing these security software companies to pre install their 3 month free software but please leave it off.  It took longer than anything else to uninstall and reinstall my chosen security suite. Include a key code for a “free” tryout instead
1610,"I like it so much, the keyboard is from heaven, so responsive, with backlit, the processor is a monster, the GPU is enough, and more. really for 470 USD on Black Friday, is worth every penny"
1611,"So far 1 week in good battery last 4-6 hours on mid performance, high performance 3-4 hours low performance 7+ hours depending on the task your doing. I’ll update review once I’ve used this laptop more one thing I will say is the build quality is good especially the keyboard and fingerprint reader. My other complaint is the mouse pad is poor quality it's just not a good feeling would recommend getting a mouse and using it to the bare minimum. It does the job but it feels weird because of the plastic."
1612,"There’s nothing not to love about this laptop. Setup was super easy, and it has so many ease-of-use features, I’m still gobsmacked. I’ve only had it a couple of days, and here’s what I love already:- The keyboard is excellent, with large letters and an adjustible backlight.- Screen is bright and crisp.- This thing is quiet! Even when the fan turns on, you can barely hear it.- The bottom is designed to allow air to flow beneath it, so it doesn’t overheat.- Battery life is impressive.- At 3.2 pounds, it’s pretty light considering everything it can do.- The deep blue color is such a nice change from black or silver.My only concern—and it’s negligible—is that the casing is plastic, not metal. I’m a klutz, and I worry what will happen if I drop it. But, that means it’s never cold to the touch, and keeps it lightweight.I’m not a gamer, so I can’t speak to its usefulness for that, but so far it’s great for Adobe Creative Suite apps and Office 365.At this price point, for this sweet little machine, you can’t go wrong. I literally have a crush on my laptop, lolz."
1613,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I purchased this laptop for my boyfriend on Christmas to lure him gaming with me on pc, and it worked! ❤ It's March now and I can't believe how much I've enjoyed having this laptop. If you are looking for a budge laptop that can run Valorant, Dead by Daylight, CS-GO, Phasmophobia (just to name a few) on medium settings (the game runs smooth and looks great) well, buy this laptop! Get yourself a monitor, mouse and keyboard and you'll get the feel of having a PC for only 500 dollars. It can keep with my pc and I am grateful to some of the other reviews that lead to me purchasing this laptop."
1614,"This is a basic modern laptop.  It'll be faster than anything from 5 years ago.  It's nice for every day tasks.  And can even do minor gaming with it's on board processor.  I'd recommend if needing to do anything heavier duty graphics wise, look into something with a dedicated graphics card.  Lack of a touch screen and 2 in 1 functionality makes it less portable.  It's a great machine otherwise and is plenty fast.  It doesn't get too hot when doing minor gaming."
1615,"I purchased this laptop originally for videoconferencing, web browsing, and watching movies, but was pleasantly surprised with how it did in gaming. 120+ fps in fortnite on high at 1080p, 60fps in minecraft with medium settings, 120+ fps in league and smite on medium for each. This is after replacibg the 4gb sodimm that came with the laptop with a 16gb sodimm. Great bang for your buck if you can't afford a more expensive ""gaming"" laptop."
1616,"I love this laptop, except the battery life was weak the one time I gamed on it. However, I haven't had it very long. Screen size is a bit small, but can't complain for the price with Windows 11 and 8GB RAM"
1617,"One of the better budget laptops that I've purchased in a while, the new apple MacBook is way overpriced for my budget. The mouse pad sensitivity works great and the keyboard is pretty standard for most laptops.The portability and battery life is also typical, I usually don't have to charge too often with what I use it for. Overall good laptop."
1618,We are very satisfied with this computer.  It has been several years since we purchased a lap top.  So far--this has been very good to work with.  It is so much faster.  This brand came highly recommended by someone in the tech.field.  Nothing negative to say.
1619,"It took me 3-4 hours to get a new printer on my home network because of Windows 11 S. The folks at Canon were very helpful but ultimately I had to turn it over to Microsoft to setup Windows 11. Windows 11 S will only allow you to add Microsoft Apps and doesn't allow networking. I really like the Lenovo laptop but this should be a toggle to switch out of Safe mode. Microsoft prefers you use only their apps in order to avoid potential pitfalls with generic apps. Also this laptop does not have a CD/DVD Drive. I wanted to load my copy of Home and Business 2010 office but Microsoft no longer supports the app so I had to ""rent"" new Office at a initial cost of $70 a year. Screen quality is great and I really like the touch screen"
1620,Got this laptop bcuz of windows 11 while unboxing it i realised it had windows 10 safe mode sigh.
1621,Easy to setup and great design
1622,"I really like it, I use it for online teaching.  It is great, the hdmi access is so much easier."
1623,"So far I like it but as the headline states, it doesn't have windows 11 installed, only window 10 in safe mode.  Update: easily upgraded to Windows 11."
1624,Clean lines and extremely functional. Very Happy with the speed and performance. I would recommend it for the daily user.
1625,"Unfortunately,  I didn't need this item, but heard it was a great find. I was able to get my current laptop fixed"
1626,The affordable prices....
1627,"This is a good decent laptop for school kids or college students. Not for business use. The specs on the sellers site are deceiving. The screen quality is not what it says. It's just a typical LCD screen that has a little more brightness than it's older predecessor. It does not have backlit keys and the keyboard lettering can't hardly be seen.The laptop feels cheap and fragile. I get worried when carrying it. Hard drive is not upgradeable. The battery life does not last as long as stated in the Sellers site. We ran tests using several programs and browsing the internet. Overall, it is not designed for creative design. As stated it is good for home use, school kids and college students. Not good for traveling even though it is a little light and it is overpriced. We donated ours to a school."
1628,Camera and microphone didn’t work. Called hp for help. Told me it was a refurbished computer and couldn’t fix the problem. Takes very long time to get your money back. Be Aware!!
1629,"As I expected, and unfortunately am right...this is LOUSY and I do NOT need the frustration...First it said I wasn't hooked up with Microsoft....then when I called for help it told me to go to the website!! Finally I got a human being....they said we could bypass MIcrosoft....(when doe sTHAT become a problem?)  To do THAT...i had to shut down my rotor, with other household members using it...NO  WAY...It is going BACK in the box and BACK to Amazon in the morning..I did NOT pay all this money for frustration and irritation....No idea when I'll ever order another NEW computer....I'll stick to used TYVM"
1630,"Reviewing laptopHP 15 Laptop, 11th Gen Intel Core i5-1135G7 Processor, 8 GB RAM, 256 GB SSD Storage, 15.6” Full HD IA new, light, well designed product.  The camera is not as good as described but totally acceptable for an online class. This version works well with zoom, can handle advanced features like virtual background. Set up was easy"
1631,Nice laptop except the keyboard has grey lettering on silver keys. Now who thought that was a good idea?  Definitely not this customer. I contacted customer service who told me that the keyboard should be backlit but it is not. Returned and ordered a Dell that I can read the keyboard. Will not even think about another HP as long as the keyboard is this color combination. Sad for a good computer to be hampered this way.
1632,"My job is Senior Business Intelligence Developer and Analyst, and I'm working remotely. To say this laptop is good for students but not for business use is just false. I'm able to do absolutely everything without lag and without issues. In my spare time, I also do music using Soundtrap. I plug a USB keyboard and microphone/guitar interface into this laptop and I'm able to create multi-track songs. My caps lock does have an indicator light that works, and I have zero complaints or issues. Maybe some people are reviewing an earlier model? I purchased mine in February of 2022, and the OS is Windows 11 Home. Actually, I bought 2; One for me and one for a family member who does graphics with Gimp. The laptops are great and we have no complaints."
1633,Set up was a breeze. Screen size and keyboard are great. The price was great. I'm glad it's not a touchsceen. I had that feature on my last one and I would only recommend that if you really need it. Brushing hair or lint off the screen always messed things up. So far this laptop has been awesome and just what i needed.
1634,"I've had this product for about a month and really have no complaints.  Boots up quick with no delay.  My only issue is with the on/off switch.  It's too small.  Also, I miss not having an indicator light showing when ""caps lock"" is on.  Other than these two issues I really like the unit!"
1635,"I purchased this new HP Laptop from Amazon.  After it was received, the first time I tried to use it for a Zoom meeting I could hear the participants but they could not hear me.  It is under warranty with HP.  I contacted HP Support and spent over 10 hours with technicians wherein they try to diagnose and fix.  They tried everything and eventually tried reformatting the Windows 10 operating system.  All to no avail.  Internal microphone would not work.  They have since arranged for the computer to be returned to HP for repair.  It took about 7 days to receive the box for return.  I sent the computer to HP for repair location the following day.  I have no idea how long it will take for it to arrive at HP's repair facility and thereafter have it fixed and returned.  I also have no idea whether it can be fixed and am not happy that I purchased a new computer and immediately am dealing with a necessary repair."
1636,"Laptop arrived with AMD ryzen 5500 instead of Intel core I5 11th generation. Description should be clear, I bought 2 laptops and specifically selected them based in the processor. I feel cheated."
1637,Cheap maid. Did not like it for the money @!!
1638,"I bought this laptop for scientific computing, and I was waiting for one with an 8-core processor for parallelized computations. When I saw a Ryzen 8-core processor, 32 GB RAM, and the price, ~$900 before tax, it ticked. This HP-Ryzen laptop exceeded my expectations in speed and energy efficiency. I ran a benchmark test of Wolfram Mathematica (the software I use for computations) and the results were far above all other computers listed there for comparison. At the same time, the laptop does not consume much energy, its power adapted is small. I run a parallelized computation using all 8 cores for hours and the laptop's body is only a little bit warm. I do not hear any sound of the fan. This is a huge step forward in comparison to my previous laptops with Intel i7 processors that consumed a lot of energy and were getting hot even in the idling regime.On the other hand, it is apparently not a gaming laptop as it has an AMD Radeon graphics card, no expensive Nvidia that I don't need. Comparable gaming laptops (8 cores) on Amazon cost twice as much.I haven't found any serious drawbacks yet. A small drawback is that the keyboard is not illuminated from within, the body of this laptop and its keys are gray, while inscriptions on the keys are not white but grayish. With low light, you don't see them well, and you cannot work at night without a light. The keyboard is much better visible on my preceding Dell Inspiron laptop (Intel i5, also energy efficient and overall good) that has a black surface and keys, white key inscriptions, and keyboard illumination."
1639,"great update from my 10 yr old lenovo t430.it is light and super fast, sturdy built and i like the touch.setup was easy and upgraded to win 11 in no time. fabulous interface. like the new windows!very happy with the purcahse."
1640,Overall performance of the laptop is good. I primarily bought it for educational purposes and it definitely meets my needs.
1641,It never worked as it should it seemed to be reconditioned
1642,"I use the laptop for PowerPoints, projection, Xcel, etc.  Utilize it on a network and it hooked right up and worked great.  Not a single complaint.  Love it!"
1643,My people say it works great!
1644,"Mic doesn't pick up well when speaker is off or at edge of camera, but it is faster than the Ryzen 5 I murdered, lighter weight, too. I thought I would miss my 17in screen, but 15in is okay since the resolution is good."
1645,"I purchased this item for my mom, so she can do her work out virtually due to the virus.I looked around at the different CPU's in the computers and the ram etc8 core at 2.0ghz and 4gs of ddr4 is perfect for this laptop and 8 cores is quite rare in a small netbook.THE GOOD: It booted up in about 3-4 seconds and made it to the home screen in about 3 seconds after typing in password. The webpages loaded super fast and so did all the applications. The webcam looks great for 720p and so do the pictures! The OS is smooth and layed out intuitively. ITS LIGHT and the battery last forever, the screen is plenty bright AND has USB-C and 3.0 connections(I believe it was 3.0) The white shell is very nice looking and just looks great!THE BAD: The only lag I noticed was when in Youtube and makin a video full screen, took about 1- 1 1/2 seconds to happen, nothing crazy or weird.The webpages load"
1646,"Did not like the fact that I would have had to sign in to Google to use the laptop and access internet each time. What if I want to type a paper in the park? It is my computer! Also...at the second try to turn it on...it said ""Chrome Os missing or damaged""...I returned the Chromebook. It has been at Amazon 4 days and no refund....a week since I returned it."
1647,I bought this for my daughter who's in middle school doing remote learning. The chromebook exceeded my expectations and daughter is happy. She can do homework and watch shows too. The battery last a couple days without charging. I was scared for the price (is really cheap) but is totally worth it!
1648,"So this is a pretty good laptop!I use it to look up and research topics for classes as well as Google services such as Google Docs or Google Sheets! It's not a Macbook, let's be clear. But streaming videos on Youtube or Netflix? Works great!! Need to type up a research paper (possibly last minute at 11:25)? Works great!! I got this to last me through community college as well! I know I need to use Office in college next year, so when I do, if it works, I'm going to try and remember to update this review. Even if you aren't a student, this works pretty good!I would not use this for heavy gaming or anything though! I got this is December and it's mid February and it's so far so good! I had an HP Chromebook that I believe was a lemon. Despite that, I took a chance getting this and opened my wallet to getting a warranty just in case! Overall, I believe I would buy again based on it's performance so far!"
1649,Hello! I purchased this computer for school but the gag is I can barely even use it for school. You CAN NOT download respondus lockdown browser (information I tried to look up before I bought the computer but there was no mention of the subject) and the wifi is janky. It connected to my schools wifi at first and then boom it disconnected and hasn’t let me connect back ever sense. It says I have the wrong “user and password” but I use the same user and pw to connect on my phone and there’s no problems. It’s also extremely slow even if your wifi is good. I would recommend just spending a couple more hundred dollars and getting a laptop that’s worth it instead of wasting your money on this junk and having to buy a new laptop eventually. Sucks since this is my first experience with a chrome book but I’ll definitely NEVER buy one again. Should’ve stuck with Mac. DONT SAY I DIDNT WARN YOU!
1650,"Ordered for eldest child (age 10) for home school work. It does what he needs - ability to join video classes, and in downtimes be able to watch videos and play an occasional game. It's not high spec, so you're not going to play the latest games on it, but does what we needed it for, and he's very happy with it."
1651,"Poor screen quality but I did buy the least expensive Chromebook I could find. Thinking about it, knowing what I know now, I would have spent a bit more to get a better quality screen. Otherwise very responsive computer."
1652,"What a horrid Chromebook, my fourth, and this was by far worse than the Samsung and the two acers, my last just got put in the garbage as the screen would go black and never recover. This HP screen would split and then you'd have to shut down to get the screen whole again. It would lock up and this was just one day. I need a small laptop for travel and have no clue what to try next.  Screen quality was very dim and I thought this was touch screen but not."
1653,"I'm a home health RN and need a laptop with at least 12 hours of battery life & something small enough to carry around. THIS LAPTOP IS PERFECT FOR MY USAGE!!! Seriously! Light weight!!! The battery lasts well over 12 hours with non-stop usage. I exchanged my first package sent due to the laptop being extra slow and the ""W"" not working after a couple of days. But the replacement came fast & the seller made the whole exchange beyond easy with no stress! 10/10 would recommend for those who need a quality lap top with high battery life & light/easy to store. It works quickly and is great quality! Especially for the price! Highly recommend for use for school, work, home, & all others! Very happy with my purchase and the quality!"
1654,LOVE IT SO MUCH ... got it for my college classes and in so much LOVE with it!!!!
1655,"Disliked it.The reason I bought this was to hold my stuff because my cell phone had to much storage and my phone was slowing down. My photos of my grandkids was the main reason I needed more storage. I also use it for my scrapbooking which is good. I really didnt expect it to be great because it was refurbished, but as soon as I unboxed it to set it all up and make sure it was clean and defragmented it I was very disappointed  because I found that I had to do alot to the laptop. Thankgod for watching youtube I was able to clean alot of the storage out that was in the laptop. I thought that since it was refurbished that at least it was set to Factory reset because I had a feeling it was used so I needed to know if anything had to be done. Well As soon. As I opened up my Windows 10 on my hp laptop Isee that there was still files on it and I needed to clean it all out.Just remember when buying g a refurbished laptop please please please check all that's needed to be done in order to have a decent fast running computer."
1656,"I bought this computer intending to use it for limited purposes.  In my case, I've dedicated this unit for my financial bookkeeping and it does well for this.  However, I already knew that the processor was on the lower rung of the computer ladder, so I did not intend using it for games and/or entertainment purposes."
1657,The screen quality is great. Works very easily with my cricut design space
1658,"I loved it at first, but after a few weeks, it freezes and crashes EVERYTIME I try to log into anything, and says an error occured, then freezes up. I have to manually restart it and wait, only for it to do it again. Not happy to say the least, and will be getting an refund."
1659,Nice laptop
1660,"Doesn’t run smoothly, the intel processor is crap, I gave it a chance but honestly my old laptop that I had since 2010 works way better"
1661,"I have an Andriod, so I use Google to sync EVERYTHING.Windows 10 S doesn't let you use Chrome browser. You are allowed to use ONLY Edge. I can't stand Edge as it is. Even went I worked for Microsoft for 12 years, I used Firefox and them Chrome. When I found out that they are using this tactic to force people to use this junky browser I was completely disgusted.Microsoft and these slimy tactics on the one hand; on the other hand, we have the iphone forcing people to use charger ports that only work with iphones, often making them pay $35 for an inferior cable that isn't very fast and will break within 6 months, only to change it on them at the next model upgrade.These two companies are so gross. It's no wonder most of the world outside of the US uses Android or Samsung. USB-C is the way to go. Superfast, super affordable.I'm returning this machine for regular Windows 10."
1662,The key board lags. Everything else is good about it.
1663,"I saved $500 on a laptop by buying this refurbished one.I'm very happy with the picture, DPI, but a little disappointed with the available volume."
1664,"I ordered this laptop as a replacement from the 1st 1 I purchased ( different company) the 1st didn’t work at all so I was pleasantly pleased when I received this laptop everything is working great , screen has no scratches, keypad works great , for the price you can’t go wrong"
1665,"This is a long review.  To summarize, you get what you pay for and then some.  This is a very usable package at a bargain price.  Nothing is top-of-the-line, but you will get a nice, compact machine for web-based activity.This is my first Chromebook.  Previously I have used Macs and laptops from Toshiba and Lenovo.  I decided to go with a Chromebook because I mostly email, browse pages, Zoom, and watch Youtube.  Anything I need to do document-wise can be covered by Google.  The compactness and long battery life is a big plus.  I'm tired of big, heavy laptops wearing holes in my bags.This Chromebook weighs 2-1/4 .lbs, which is excellent.  It is about the size of a magazine, so I would not hestitate to take it anywhere.  The body is plastic, which is durable and easy to keep clean.  It's not as nice as metal, but it is generally solid.  The bottom panel is a teeny bit loose, but that is a nitpick.Battery life is as advertised.  Depending what you do you get around 10 hours or more, which is more than double any laptop I have used.The screen opens to 135 degrees (or 45 degrees against the tabletop).  I was disappointed it did not open to a full 180, but I can work with it.  Screen brightness is listed at 220 nits (on the low end), but don't let that deter you; it is as bright as my 8 year old Macbook and my Lenovo laptop assigned by work. For indoor use, it works just fine.  If you work outside, you will have to find shade.  The display quality is not the best, but perfectly useable.  It is an IPS display, which provides better viewing angles and color rendition.  The 11.6"" screen is enough real estate for watching videos and reading the news.  I can type this review and read my email side by side.  This is also a touch screen, which seems to work fine in my limited experience.  When laying down with the Chromebook on my chest, it's nice to just browse using the touchscreen.  I have downloaded a few Android games, and they work great on the touchscreen.  IMO spend more for the touch screen if you want to use Android apps.The keyboard is a comfortable size.  I am typing efficiently without making lots of mistakes.  Most of the keys are where you expect them to be.  The specialized Chrome keys don't interfere.  The keys themselves have a nice, positive response.  Equally responsive is the trackpad, which comes with a full repertoire of gestures for scrolling, zooming, and viewing apps.  One thing I noticed is you can only physically click on the botton half of the touchpad, but I usually tap to click.The on-board speakers are a nice surprise.  They are loud and clear.  An audiophile might find them slightly tinny, but I can listen to music for hours using just these speakers.  There is minimal distortion when I crank the volume up to max. Of course, there is a headphone jack and bluetooth capability.32 gigs of memory may be challenged if you install a lot of apps.  The Chrome System takes up about 13 GB on its own. I have inserted a 128 GB Micro SD card, which can be used as storage for Android apps that support it.  For example, I can download music from Youtube Music to my SD card.  Documents from the Text editor and Camera app can be directed to the SD card as well.Regarding the processor, I don't do anything that has taxed this system yet.  I usually only have a couple of tabs and apps open, and I play a few games.  Keep in mind this is the same processor on the almost universally lauded Lenovo Duet Chromebook, so it is no slouch.The 720p webcam is adquate for web conferencing, taking snapshots or recording videos.  It's a little grainy with indoor lighting.  People seem to hear me fine using the internal microphone, but works best if you are sitting right in front of the computer.  The mic input can be adjusted if you expand the volume options in the wifi/battery/time options.One last cool thing is you can charge this Chromebook with a phone charger (with the right cable).  It is slow, and must be done while the Chromebook is not in use.  I was able to get 15% per hour using a basic phone charger.  It might be nice if you are traveling and don't need to lug around the clunky power supply that comes with this Chromebook.Overall, I am happy with my purchase. This is a nice value package that delivers."
1666,"I first want to say that mechanically this laptop worked great. The company that sent it also sent it very fast, arriving ahead of the projected date. Now that positivity is out of the way, why am i returning it?Say what you want about me, but i didn't realize that this device used a different OS. I originally wanted an affordable laptop for some word processing. Chrome OS does not allow you to do this. Functionally it could,  but it designed to be an internet browser and little else. Do you have a phone? Well, your phone is capable of everything this device can do and more. Why would anyone need a laptop with less functionality than a phone?Many software programs support a variety of operating systems. They do not currently work with Chrome OS. You cannot even attempt to download them. I have heard that you can download apps (not that i was able to experience this for myself), but that will be the only downloading of programs that you might have access to.This now leads to my final gripe, the device is basically online only.A browser cannot function without internet, so it is with this device. It seems to be so dependent on this that it actually bugged out when i tried to delete the only wifi connection it had. (which reminds me, there is no way that you can factory reset this device. There is no option to do so, take that as you will.) When you first start up this device, it will force you to connect to the internet. You can skip putting in you Google account info, but it will not allow you to proceed without internet.Tldr: Don't get anything with Chrome OS. Your phone is capable of so much more than this ever will be."
1667,"This is a great Chromebook for a middle to highschooler. It has a real long battery life charges quickly, and maintains a strong wireless signal. The touchscreen is very responsive and we haven’t had any problems with it at all. It has a very comfortable keyboard."
1668,"I only use a computer for personal stuff, e-mails, facebook, random stuff., a zoom meeting once a week. I'm 72 and needed a lighter, smaller one than my dinosaur of a laptop. This fits the bill perfectly. It weighs less than the average book, it has a very long battery life, its size and weight makes it easily portable, and I can have it outside on the deck for hours without losing power. I love the touchscreen, and it was not hard converting to the Chrome OS from Windows. The only thing this didn't offer was a backlit keyboard, but since It's white, w/white keyboard, It's not hard to see even in dim light. So easy to use and carry, and easily contains everything my old computer had downloaded--and that's a lot!  I Love It!"
1669,"It's very important to note, this is a Chromebook NOT a full-sized laptop, so this may be much smaller than expected.Personally, I love this Chromebook, size and all. It works great and has a pretty decent quality. No issues with so far with charging, battery life, crashing, etc. I would only hope for a better sound quality, as it doesn't get very loud at all. Plenty of storage space for me as well, as I use it for crafting (Design Space app, emails, saving photos, etc.) I would also recommend this for those looking for something small with a keyboard for school use."
1670,"This is perfect for what I need. I  am a writer and have been writing on a kindle tablet, and it was just too small."
1671,"I like the Chromebook, but it restarts itself every day on its own. I've had it for less than a month. I believe the MicroSD card slot is too close to the power cord slot. I leverage my thumb on the side of the Chromebook to pull the power cord out (the spot where the MicroSD card slot is) so I end up uninstalling the card. No, there's no other way to carefully remove the power cord. I've had several Chromebooks and never had issues until this one."
1672,"I didn't realize how small it was however it's a nice laptop,the screen did go black for a full day, it was charged an everything,for some weird reason it came back on, that's the only issue I've had with it"
1673,"Make sure you read the fine print. I received my chromebook. The package it was in was already opened. A little annoyed I paid for a new one and got a used one but it looked ok. Plug it in to start using it and check it out. Kept saying it was charging. Unplugged it the next day only for it to cut righty back off and say it was dead. I tried another chromebook charger and the same thing happened. So I decided to get some support. Amazon was nice but made me try all the things I already did. After nothing worked, again. They told me to contact the seller, there was nothing else they could do to help me. I reached out to the seller and got no reply. And apparently I can’t return it. For any reason whatsoever. So now I have a cr*p laptop that I just wasted $ on that I guess I’ll now have to pay to take somewhere to fix it. So annoyed and disappointed. I haven’t even had it a few days and can’t even return for a replacement or to get my money back. Cool cool cool. Thanks"
1674,"If my labtop goes to sleep, when I try to use it from sleep the screen is split.  The botton half is on top and the top part is on the bottom.  And nothing can be done to fix this other than logging out and shutting down and restarting the computer. This becomes very annoying after a while.  Also, with regularity, the notebook simply freezes and again, the only remedy is to shut down and restart. A third regret is that it is very, very slow, much slower than the 5-year old Acer Chromebook (similar price) that I am trying to replace because it's nearing 5-years old and Chrome no longer supports my Acer Chromebook with security updates.  The HP Chromebook is such poor quality that I don't use it anymore, I'm back to using my 5-year old Acer Chromebook.  I have a few more months until it's no longer supported.  I think I will try the Pixelbook Go, it seems to have good reviews and I have much higher hopes for it.  I'm so disappointed with the HP that I will never, ever consider another HP product.  Such low, laughable quality."
1675,"The last laptop I bought - a Lenovo - had an optical drive. So nearly a decade old. But it was a total workhorse for work and home use. And needed replacement.After *lots* of reading and research I landed on the Samsung Galaxy Book Pro, in no small no part because my Samsung Galaxy 10+ phone has done so well.Also? This was in stock! Several others I looked at were either out when I started looking, or went to backorder while I was on the hunt. And the Amazon 5-payment plan was a little kinder on my budget.Screen is incredible. Backlit keyboard. RAM is nearly triple what my old machine had (16gb v 6), so using Photoshop now is no big deal while I'm using several other apps simultaneously. It sure used to be. And it takes about a second - yep - once you flip the screen open to wake.Downside? It's *very* thin and *very* light compared to my old machine, so that's taken some getting used to. I need to hold it in place while I open the screen. And right now it actually sits ON the old one when I'm working. But it's still new yet.Looks like it's a bit more expensive now ( I paid about $1100) but I think still a deal for what you'll be getting, esp if you haven't upgraded in a while as was my case.Highly recommend."
1676,Super fast laptop.The screen is beautiful. I love the light weight.Nice packing.Best laptop I've ever won.The sould quality is amazing for this thin laptop. (You will have to go to the sound setting and press the advance speaker quality to activate the best sound possible)
1677,This it's totally defected. I'm sending it tomorrow through UPS back to Amazon due to the fact that it will not charge. Stops at 44% and doesn't go on and it should charge in 30 minutes from what the information States. I am totally disappointed. There was no adapter in it either.
1678,"Llevo unas semanas con mi Samsung Galaxy Book Pro y estoy más que feliz con ella, porque es súper rápida, sensible y con una calidad de imagen en la pantalla super espectacular ¡Lo mejor de lo mejor! Y más siendo a ese precio."
1679,I absolutely hated windows 11 it's garbage and cost me down time trying to navigate is bs os
1680,"Having laptops provided by employer for several years, I hadn’t purchased in a while. Usually I think budget, but this time I splurged a bit and I am very happy.Super lightweight and very fast startup and waking. AMZN also providing good link for MS 365 Office"
1681,The laptop came with a faulty boot system and I had to install the Windows 11 from scratch to get it work. The laptop was unable to repair itself. It's actually a used one from the Amazon warehouse buy at least they should have warned that it might be defective.
1682,Great Sound! Easily the finest laptop audio you can ask for at this price. Screen flickering at lowering brightness and does not look sharp enough for Full HD resolution. AMOLED colors are great as usual. battery life is decent.
1683,Super fast machine. Fantastic screen resolution and color rendition. Lots of memory for manipulating big data files. Can't find anything to complain about. Writing code to do financial analysis on large Account Receivable files. The speed is amazing.
1684,"Great device, really like it. Lightweight, fast, quiet, long battery life. Best notebook I had ever!The only disadvantage found by now - camera quality is quite poor.Even my 5 years old macbook has better camera."
1685,"Update:The high pitched coil noise the fans make is super annoying. I don't know if mine is special, but it's ridiculous. I really should have sent this back and gotten a prebuilt desktop. Acer. Fix your fans!Original second review:My previous review got deleted somehow. It was very thorough on the pros and cons of this laptop. Short version.CPU gets too hot. Thermal throttles when gaming. It's not constant throttling but periodically the temperature peaks for a second then returns to a more normal range. The new Acer 1.06 bios helped a little. Instead of reaching 212 or more degrees F, it mostly reaches 203 degrees F.The Acer customer service link they give you on a card in the box does not actually work.The fans make a very slight coil whine like noise. Most people probably won't notice, But I do.I got this because of the graphics card drought."
1686,"I wanted this computer for gaming (mainly Worlds of Warcraft and Steam games). It played World of Warcraft okay I guess, though the graphics were surprisingly unimpressive, especially considering the price of this machine and the rave reviews regarding graphics. The screen desktop icons were blurry even. The real killer disappointment was that this laptop was incapable of running Steam games (Wurm unlimited in particular) without constant crashing. I reached out to support and the support crew at Acer were unknowledgeable and uninterested in assisting me and the computer was straight out of the box! I tried to research the crashing myself to see if I could find a solution and so did my husband who builds computers and works in IT. Unfortunately, we could find no solution and had to return this item. About the only good things I can say for it is it was boxed prettily and had a very cool looking keyboard with pretty colors. It looks like the built in fan would help with overheating. Functionally, it doesn't work as a gaming laptop as it purpots and I am really confused as to why it gets such good reviews. I did my research for months before purchasing and this computer cost more than I wanted to spend, but it wasn't worth the money and it couldn't run a simple game that every other laptop I've ever had ran just fine. Perhaps there was a way to rectify the issue, but I'll never know since support was so unhelpful. Even so the graphics were absolutely nothing worth the price of this computer, very poor in my opinion. In fact my old Acer Aspire had far superior graphics! I hate returning things, a purchase that requires so much research, but to spend that sort of money and receive a gaming laptop that doesn't play games and with a poor picture, I had no other option. Still looking for the laptop of my gaming dreams or will see if I can fix the graphics card in my old dying laptop. What a bummer! If you like gaming, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere."
1687,"If there were no underlying issues with this laptop I would rate as 5 Stars and higher recommend.  However, having owned this laptop for less than 30 days I've experienced too many issues and am returning for a refund.  First and foremost is the random shutdowns that occur without warning or provocation (i.e laptop idle/not overheating), refusing to open desktop applications or games (particularly Steam games), and restart times in excess of 10 minutes when system locks up.  What convinced me to return and not purchase another Helios 300 are the number of people on the Acer support forums that have experienced similar issues without resolution.  If you purchase and don't experience these issues, congrats on having an amazing gaming laptop that runs games excellently, that hasn't been my experience and must caution: buyer beware."
1688,"This laptop was basically exactly what I was looking for. Before then, I never owned a true gaming PC. The only computer I owned before that wasn’t a hand-me-down was a 2016 Acer Aspire E15 with an Intel i5 and a NVIDIA GeForce 940MX graphics card with 8GB of memory. Needless to say, for any serious type of gaming, it was not to last. Games like Sonic Generations had the fan screaming in agony and the game would freeze at random points and games like Street Fighter V at lowest settings ran at about half speed. The only other modern gaming system I have was the Nintendo Switch, and while I love that system, it’s not the best main drive to play the latest blockbuster releases from 3rd Parties. And so, I began looking for a new gaming PC. I tried looking for a desktop all summer but I could never afford or find the parts I wanted and the prebuilt options didn’t impress me. But in September of this year I found this little guy and it had everything looking for it. I saved it up and got it at a discount of $1,100 with some extras such as a new mouse, mousepad, and backpack.When this PC came in, the difference to this and my old one was night and day. The screen’s higher refresh rates and 16 GB of RAM felt almost unreal to me for a bit, but it was a beautiful experience. The packaging was beautiful, the system itself looks gorgeous, but a gaming PC is only as good as it’s gaming capabilities were. Oh boy, was I amazed. The first thing I set up was the Dolphin emulator with Mario Kart: Double Dash!! and I got it set up in a matter of minutes and did some upscaling. With the combination of my trusted 8bitdo SN30 Pro+, it felt like a dream playing games on it. So far, I’ve loved all this thing has done for emulation. Granted, I’ve only set up stuff as recently as Wii U, but that system runs so well that I was convinced it was just some native PC port. From NES to Sega Saturn to Wii U and more, your emulation needs will be in good hands here.What about actual PC games? Don’t worry, it’s awesome on here. Personally, I don’t have too many PC games to use for reference so don’t take my word for everything. Sonic Generations ran beautifully at max settings (as it should since it’s a game from 2011), but when I got to Street Fighter V, it hit me just how much I could do with this. I can play this game with max settings on 1080p and it runs perfectly. Yeah, it’s a game from 2015/2016 on the PS4 so I should expect this, but keep in mind that my previous PC couldn’t even do this game at minimum settings and you can see why I’m so happy about this. The experience was nothing short of brilliant. And the fan, while not silent, isn’t nearly as bad as I thought it would be. Unless you put the PC into Turbo Mode with overclocking, the fan is more than passable and won’t be much of a distraction. The speakers are great as expected, and even on lower settings are quite well and projected perfectly. I’m not the type of guy to blare my game’s volumes on 100% but if that’s you, you’ll have some fun with this guy. The screen, as mentioned, is nothing short of beautiful. Great colors, viewing angles, and a great refresh rate makes viewing stuff on this as good as you could want from a 1080p IPS display. As long as you don’t expect a $3,000 monster machine performance, you’ll be in good hands here.While I’ve raved about this PC for a while, there are a few things I could’ve wished they did better with. Thankfully, this system is decent when it comes to built in stuff but the boot-up sound is a little annoying. Thankfully, it can be turned off which I did right away. The screen, as I said before, is lovely, but I kind of wish it was a 4K panel. I’m not sure how well this guy does with 4K content, but I guess I’d rather do 1080p at 144 FPS than 4K at 60 FPS. It’s kinda up to you. The battery life isn’t hot. It’s advertising to doing about 6 hours in it’s own but I wouldn’t expect that. This is certainly something you keep on your desk plugged in at all time. Plus, performance is hit pretty badly if it’s not plugged in so this isn’t something I’d want to keep on my lap. My third biggest issue is the process of replacing storage and RAM. My last computer handled this well, with a little door to change everything on the bottom with little to no problems. But, despite being a gaming product where a majority of people would want to change this stuff easily, you can’t. You gotta take off the back, use a prying tool to lift up the click in order to expose the bottom and take it off. I don’t know what’s up with mine, but I can’t do it. I bought a Samsung 1TB M.2 drive to improve the adequate but lacking 512 GB of internal storage. But nope, the clips would not only refuse to come off no matter what I did, but the top part that I needed to get off was stick like glue. I had to stop trying because I was either going to permanently damage the insides or do more cosmetic harm to the bottom play. Thankfully, the nicks aren’t too noticeable and the only part that got scratched was the top left hand part of the bezel of the screen. But still, what gives, Acer? This is a gaming PC, not a MacBook. I get you companies like making these laptops as non-modular as possible, but you’re shooting yourself in the foot with product longevity. If it weren’t for the fact that everything else with this computer is everything I could’ve wanted, this would’ve been an absolute dealbreaker for me. But ultimately, whether or not this is a major issue to you is something I cannot declare. That’s up to you.Regardless, besides not being a $3,000 tank of a gaming PC and having some annoying restrictions in terms of user configurations, I’m nothing short of happy with this product. Compared to my last laptop, this one is the real deal that will last me throughout college. This is probably one of the few purchases I’ve made where I can say that it was worth every penny. But, c’mon Acer, stop with this bottom plate garbage. You’re better than this. Other than that, kudos to you and your engineering team earns my respect."
1689,"This Acer Predator laptop is more expensive than other Acer brand lower level gaming laptops, but it's hardly upgradable. It has weird design in the bottom case with very sticky parts on the hinge and side. Even with proper toolkit, it's difficult to open the entire bottom case for RAM and SSD expansion. Most importantly, the laptop comes with Windows 10 Home 20H2 version OS. After initial set up of the laptop, it requires to do mandatory updates to keep up with the current system. After a few seconds of wait, the laptop tries to restart and said Windows updates are running. Then the nightmare loop happens again and again. The restart process has repeated over 50 times, but the laptop has not finished Windows updates for more than 10 hours. Just returned the laptop with original box and accessories to Amazon within 24 hours receiving it. Do not bother to contact the manufacturer for technical support, since they will tell you to do the same. The only way to resolve the issue is to open the bottom case and take out the SSD to wipe out the defective Windows 10 Home OS 20H2 version (it's not compatible with latest 11th gen intel processor), and then reinstall Windows 10 Home 21H1 or Windows 11 on the laptop. You cannot do that on your own, since the laptop's bottom case is very difficult to open."
1690,"**Update **Vine reviewers do not realize some crucial ssd's simply don't work with this laptop.This model doesn't work with some crucial SSD's. I exchanged mine for a different one and had the same issues. Put the crucial ssd in my desk where it works fine, and ordered a Samsung SSD for this laptop. It worked right away. It's infuriating that they give reviewers free products and they go down a list of all the other products they got for free that they ASSUME work with this machine.Oddly enough, I had a 2012 Acer predator desktop that didn't work with crucial ssd's. Good desktop besides that's. What's Acer's beef with Micron? Decade later with the exact same issues.After getting the Samsung SSD, everything works perfect. Form factor is impressive, battery is par for a gaming laptop (what do you expect from the thirsty specs?), doesn't get super hot, the fans keep it comfortable below 80 most of the time, even with performance mode and demanding games. It's only pushing a 1080 screen, but with the 144 hz it looks so good.**Original Review**This laptop was too good to be true for me.11th gen i7, 3060, 16 gb ram. High power support for 3060. If you're looking to add an SSD to add storage like I was, do your homework. Amazon and Acer have pigeon holed so many of these same named models into the same listing that it's nearly impossible to find help for your specific model online. Besides that it was a great machine. Venting was phenomenal, battery was excellent for a gaming laptop.I ordered a crucial ssd to put into the extra slot, my predator came with the slot for an extra SSD, a ribbon to plug into the motherboard, and screws to attach the SSD to the mount. I thought it had been bricked initially. Completely unresponsive, fans running 100%, screen flickered once to a different shade of black. Rewatched ACER's own video on how to install it to see if I missed a step, it wasn't rocket science.Had to unplug the battery, unplug my extra hard drive, replug in the battery and allow it to charge for a bit. Somehow the battery life tanked over the course of 30 minutes.Did all the no brainer trouble shooting items like install the latest bios update, try hardrive in another machine to isolate the issue.I came across two different possible reasons for my particular issue. In a random review from a different year and completely different backplate to the laptop a consumer reported that Acer had shipped his Predator with the wrong SSD ribbon, they had shipped him one ment for the Swift laptop. When they traded him out it seemed to fix his issue.Reading another thread, a user had my same issue from a few years ago as well. Acer had told him to change the boot sequence in the bios. It was trying to boot from the blank/reformatted secondary ssd. I reformatted the SSD I was trying to add in a different machine. Whenever the SSD was plugged in, the laptop simply would t respond. It was a black screen and button presses did nothing. There wasn't even the short bios flash you usually get. Even tried spamming F11 and del to try and blindly access it.I spent most of today trying to get it to work. I loved my first Acer back in 2012 and a few others after and was excited to come back to them. For the price and feature set it is an unreal value, but I specifically chose this over the MSI I was eyeballing because of the secondary ssd bay. I can't wait another month for a replacement, only to have the replacement have the same issue. There's no support. I need to send it back and just pony up the money for a brand with better support. Flukes are frustrating but blindly trying to fix a brand new device is even worse."
1691,"I do t like that the ram is locked at gear mode 2 effectively cutting your ram speed in half.  Even after unlocking the bios, there's nothing you can do because there isn't support for xmp.  Everything is jdec spec.Undervolting is essential, and -70mv is pretty much gaurenteed stable and it makes my cinebench scores go up substantially as the cores don't thermal throttle anymore under load.  A cooling pad can help.The thing I really don't like tho is the nvme speed.  Even at pcie4.0 x4 which both ports are supposed to support, crystaldiskinfo only gives me 50-70mbps read speed and 330mbp write.  Raid0 doesn't do much for it either.  For comparison, the sata SSD I added with rapid mode on is 700/800mbps respectively.No one seems to point out the slow nvme speeds and this has been consistent for me from two of these laptops.  Also, in the unlocked bios I can change the default display color depth from 18 to 24bit.  Why that ain't default is beyond me.Anyways, other than that it works great lol.Otherwise, it runs great"
1692,"The Good:Speed. Speed. And more speed.The extra bay allowed me to place my old hard drive in it as a bootable device, so I lost nothingI have not had any operating issues at all and it has handled everything I've thrown at it soo far, but I am not a super-high-end gamerThe Downsides:Opening case to add old hard drive requires special tool, but I was able to use blunt end of window razor instead of buying one. If your not comfortable working on stuff and/or don't have the tool, then you may need to pay to have it done.There is bleed in the corners. If it is something that bothers you, then you will be annoyed. I, personally, don't play anything where it is noticeable to me unless I look for it.  But it is very obvious on a black screen.My skin PH balance is weird. My skin will destroy all metals except real gold. Where my left palm rests on it, the paint is literally gone and it shows bare metal. I'm not sure if it is my PH or an issue with it's construction, but it doesn't effect anything to go through the problem of doing a return."
1693,"This is a great little laptop with lots of power for the price.  Gen 11 i7, an RTX 3060, Thunderport 4, and a very bright 144 Hz display.  But there are plenty of reviews that will list out all the wonderful specs.  Here are my only complaints.  I do have some light bleed around the top and bottom edges of the screen which is disappointing.  It is hard to find the battery specs on this laptop but I think it is something like 59 MAH.  You you pack this much horse power in a chasey I wish it contained a max 99 MAH battery.  There is an extra 2.5"" drive bay next to the battery, it would be awesome to offer a bigger battery option at the sacrifice of the drive bay.  Lastly, a MUX switch would have been great.  I understand this would add to the cost but I would pay extra for those options and a MUX switch it relatively cheap to build into a laptop.  Other than that, I researched close to 30 laptops before settling on this one and it did not disappoint."
1694,"This laptop performs phenomenally! Capable of running Elden Ring at 1440p High settings @60fps! That’s incredible and I love it. Currently using the laptop for on the go gaming and editing whilst also using it on downtime with my 4K 55” and it works perfect! This thing can run a surprising amount of games at 4K and 1440p perfectly fine. The system gives a lot of fan settings to really tune it up to how you want it to play. Extreme mode is the best for absolute gaming but it can get very loud, I recommend default of Quite if you plan to just watch YouTube or something. Build quality is strong and the keyboard is great! Beautiful system all around."
1695,"First off: the RAM in this model is *not* upgradeable, but the SSD is. I just upgraded it the other night myself and checked with ASUS; the RAM is soldered to the motherboard.That aside, it still runs plenty fine and I haven't experienced any problems. Getting the back off to get into the guts was a PITA, but just take your time and be patient.I turned off Windows S to get the full experience, and upgraded to Windows 11 within a couple of weeks of having it. I also dual-booted a Linux build with Fedora 34 and Cinnamon desktop/Wayland, and the screen rotation works like a champ.It's not feather-weight, but it's plenty light enough for casual use, surfing on the couch, etc. without noticing it. The ports are good, especially the Thunderbolt USB-C. It's great to have a single cable and charger for all our needs (2 Pixel 4a 5Gs, MacBook Pro, 2 Fire tablets), and the battery life is good. I don't game so I can't speak to that, but I'm also guessing that this laptop isn't intended for gamers.The 14"" form is perfect: not too small or cramped, not too big.I'm really enjoying this laptop, and it you're looking for a good general use laptop, I recommend it."
1696,"This laptop is a 2-in-1 style.  It has a metal top and a plastic bottom (although underneath/inside the bottom cover it is lined with a thin sheet of metal) for heat dissipation.It arrives in Windows S mode. I upgraded to Windows 10 Home.There are only two stickers on the laptop, but I was surprised to see fun laptop stickers in the box!It comes with a barrel style charger, but it can be charged by usb-c also.The resolution is 1920x1080 out of the box, set to 150% scaling. On-screen icons were too big for me, so I reduced the scaling to 100%.I benchmarked it in Geekbench under Windows 10. I ran it three times and got these scores.1227 single core and 2763 multicore.1325 single core and 2801 multicore.1319 single core and 2756 multicore.You can switch between Performance Mode, Standard Mode, and Whisper Mode by pressing Fn + F.  I saw marginal gains in Performance Mode: 1334 single core, and 2823 multicore.OpenCL scored 9542 and Vulkan scored 8493.I took the bottom off to confirm my fears.  This pc is running a single channel of 4gb of ram. It is not user upgradable.  It does have a removable 128GB eMMC drive from Foresee though.  Removing the bottom cover is not difficult, but there are lots of different sized screws, including two hidden under the feet.Despite only having 4gb of ram, it is surprisingly useful.  I even upgraded it to the Beta Channel of Windows 11 after benchmarking it.Overall, this is a nice laptop, with a premium slim look, that only falls short on its internal specs.  If you can find this laptop with better specs, it would be worth buying the upgraded model in my opinion.  At this time, I don’t know if there is an upgraded model.  Otherwise, don’t plan on gaming or multitasking much with this laptop."
1697,"I am reviewing this laptop primarily from the perspective of a creative home user. I like drawing on computers quite a bit at this point, coming from my Surface Book 2. So I was very curious how much laptop one could get for about a quarter of the price (sans Asus Pen 2, which ran me an extra hundo).BUILD QUALITY and FEATURESBuild quality is where the budget nature of the device shows. The body is black brushed aluminum and picks up finger smudges pretty easily. The power button is a tiny little nub on the side of the body which is impossible to locate by feel. The barrel plug feels very 2012. On the sides we find a mere 2 full size USB ports, but interestingly, a full sized HDMI port, USB-C port, and micro-SD expansion port. This last comes in quite handy if you want to store files locally, as the included SSD is a mere 128gb, with less than 100gb free.Windows 10 is in S mode, which can easily be circumvented if you want to run non-Windows Store programs. Windows Hello is not available via webcam, but a fingerprint sensor is included on the track pad. It works, but is a bit finicky. The trackpad is rather small, but it is reasonably accurate and navigating the device by that means is not laborious.The hinge itself is pretty solid and there is minimal wobble in the screen when in laptop mode. The hinge spins all the way around to put the laptop into ""Tablet"" mode. Now, this is a far cry from a Surface Book detachable tablet, since the keyboard stays attached, but it's not half bad. There are small rubber feet on the keyboard tray that allow you to place the device quite sturdily onto a tabletop in drawing mode. The screen also settles into the tablet orientation with a satisfying solidity, and does not wobble when drawn upon. You're not going to use this like a true tablet, but it's more than acceptable for drawing on.SCREEN and AUDIOThe screen is a 1920 by 1080 16:9 display, which does feel rather dated after coming from a 2:3 display. It gets reasonably bright, but not bright enough for sunny outdoor use in my opinion. Off angle viewing is pretty good. It's not premium, and is nowhere near as impressive as the panels on a Surface Book or MacBook laptop. But it's a far cry from the budget laptops of ten years ago.I was very impressed by the audio, however. This laptop gets loud, the sound is pretty rich for a laptop, and it doesn't distort at high volumes. This is an ideal device if you want to stream video or watch YouTube.DRAWINGI have previously used two different screen drawing setups - Surface Book and Surface Pen, and Acer Switch with Acer Stylus (from 2016). The latter was pretty wretched by comparison, so I was very curious about the VivoBook. I am happy to report that in the last 5 years, ""budget"" Windows inking devices have come a very long way. The Asus Pen 2 is quite responsive and the VivoBook was swift enough to register real-time strokes in Sketchbook, Zenbrush, and Spirality. Diagonal lines did not suffer from much jitter at all. The Surface Book still takes the prize for accuracy and responsiveness, but if you're looking for a drawing laptop on the cheap, the VivoBook is no slouch and comes quite close!CONCLUSIONI don't have a hard time recommending this to the right user. It would be a terrific school laptop for a young student who needs Zoom, word processing, web browsing, and inking. It is more than enough laptop to do light office duties, but it's not going to blow through the Adobe suite or do heavy video editing with only a Core i3 and Intel integrated GPU. I do think this is a very compelling budget option for an artist who wants to do drawing in a Windows environment, as long as they don't want to do it with PhotoShop, which is too much for these internals. But it handles Autodesk Sketchbook and similar applications with aplomb. Yes, you'll have to plump for an extra pen, but t he same is true of Microsoft's Surface line."
1698,"I love the look and feel of this laptop. Corners are a little sharp which I don't mind so much. Coming from a 2012 Toshiba laptop, this thing is light, its fast and it gets the job done. Touch screen is very receptive and the colors are bright. I'm very pleased with this purchase."
1699,"First time I ordered it, it would not turn on or charge. ""Okay, it's defective"", I say. No worries. I return it for another one. Second one comes, great. It turns on. It charges. I am happy. I get it all set up the way I need it. take it out of S mode etc. Then, 1 day later, the monitor breaks down and won't display. I try a few times. Turn it on, turn it off, hold the button for 40 seconds like the ""help"" page said. Nothing. Blank screen.Goodbye ASUS VivoBook Flip 14.I may have to get a more expensive model from a different brand, but 2 headaches inside a week ain't worth what I paid here. Nothing is. I am happy for those of you who got one that consistently works, ASUS is a good brand. I have a PC and a laptop that are both terrific years later, but two defective products in a row is the beginning of a pattern I'd rather not go through, especially during the holidays.However, when this VivoBook was working it was a nice little laptop, so it's a shame really."
1700,"I did not like how this product only has four gigabytes ram that is not expandable. I'm an artist who needs to use Adobe fresco and Adobe fresco requires 8 GB RAM and that's why I bought this computer. But it doesn't have an expandable ram slot you don't have the ability to upgrade and that screws me big time. If they didn't have so many models that were the same exact name, I would have been able to check for the specs but apparently there are many different versions of the vivo book 14. Seriously misleading"
1701,"I expected this little laptop to underperform my 10th gen i5 wifi 6 laptop. Surprisingly, it performs at the same level. Speeds via Ookla's test site are 620-630 mbs download near my wifi 6 router with Comcast's 600 mbs service, and 40 feet away in another room they still test at 240 mbs download. Web pages load at the same speed as the i5.Where this computer excels is its screen. I think it's on par with our iPad and iPhone screens for color depth, sharpness, and viewing angle...far better than other laptops, except for maybe MS Surface, in the sub-$1,000 price range. The touchscreen and touchpad work flawlessly.The speakers are clear and volume can be loud, much better than my 2018 VivoFlip, which couldn't crank out much volume.The keys are large, and the tactile feel is just right for accurate touch-typing, also much better than my other laptops. The keyboard backlighting has three brightness levels plus off.I also expected the battery life to be less than my 2018 VivoFlip, but it's actually quite good. Unless you're watching a movie, it should last several hours in normal usage."
1702,"I have an ASUS Chromebook that my children bought me for a X-mas present a few years ago. It is lightweight and great for online shopping  (since it is touchscreen) while sitting on the sofa. However, it has no USB port, Did not have access to Microsoft Word and Windows. I am a teacher, so I need access to Word, Google.docs, PPT and all the other software and apps teachers use. This new ASUS ViviBook gives me everything I need in the compact size and with the touchscreen I already liked. The added advantage is that it folds on the lap like a tablet. Quality at an affordable price!"
1703,"So..this laptop is amazing. Totally amazing.The ability to flip the screen and turn it into a giant tablet is wicked cool.The touchscreen is responsiveThe computer speed and storage is top notchthe keyboard is nice, and quiet keys. Has a backlight to make typing easier.when you flip the computer into tablet mode, it turns off the input from the keyboard. it allows for seamless transitions from laptop to tablet.i haven't found anything that i don't like about this laptop. it is a solid choice for students and typical household use. recommend!!"
1704,"The first thing about this computer was a lack of privacy, when I logged on to my amazon account through this device all of a sudden Amazon kept asking me to prove I was my own account holder through my own devices. ALSO, MY PASSWORDS WERE BEING CHANGED MAKING VERY TEDIOUS THE RECOVERY OF MY ACCOUNT AMONG OTHER THINGS AS WELL SUCH AS BILLING ERRORS. Before I used this computer everything with Amazon was very smooth going.  Then the computer requires you to begin an account with Microsoft and the tells you the account does not exist. I have been back and forth on this computer very many times. I am well acquainted with the use of computers. This computer puts the user through a bunch of unecessary steps to get anything done. I bought this computer for my child and we started the first email account and password for him and then were told the account doesn,t exist. This computer is seriously dysfunctional. The speeds are not consistent with advertising and the battery life is neither capable to manage a days worth of laptop running about 3 hours fully charged or as advertised. The sound chip is attacked a day after you start to begin using making no sound whatsoever and the pointer  stops working on the second day. The computer seems to have an overcontroler which makes the computer not yours. Most changes you make to it are overridden by some unknown hand. Even when I am using separate accounts for my children and myself. It does not Apparantly give you the owner control of your own computer. It is designed for you to buy extra features which they are willing to sell you. There are very minimal apps esspecially for children. A very disappointing buy at $470. I am an experienced computer user. This computer has serious issues for which  are very questionable for a computer which belongs to the owner."
1705,We are very satisfied with this computer.  It has been several years since we purchased a lap top.  So far--this has been very good to work with.  It is so much faster.  This brand came highly recommended by someone in the tech.field.  Nothing negative to say.
1706,"It took me 3-4 hours to get a new printer on my home network because of Windows 11 S. The folks at Canon were very helpful but ultimately I had to turn it over to Microsoft to setup Windows 11. Windows 11 S will only allow you to add Microsoft Apps and doesn't allow networking. I really like the Lenovo laptop but this should be a toggle to switch out of Safe mode. Microsoft prefers you use only their apps in order to avoid potential pitfalls with generic apps. Also this laptop does not have a CD/DVD Drive. I wanted to load my copy of Home and Business 2010 office but Microsoft no longer supports the app so I had to ""rent"" new Office at a initial cost of $70 a year. Screen quality is great and I really like the touch screen"
1707,Got this laptop bcuz of windows 11 while unboxing it i realised it had windows 10 safe mode sigh.
1708,Easy to setup and great design
1709,"I really like it, I use it for online teaching.  It is great, the hdmi access is so much easier."
1710,"So far I like it but as the headline states, it doesn't have windows 11 installed, only window 10 in safe mode.  Update: easily upgraded to Windows 11."
1711,Clean lines and extremely functional. Very Happy with the speed and performance. I would recommend it for the daily user.
1712,"Unfortunately,  I didn't need this item, but heard it was a great find. I was able to get my current laptop fixed"
1713,The affordable prices....
1714,Cheap maid. Did not like it for the money @!!
1715,"I could sit here and write all about the specs on this computer, but they are already in the description, and If you are like me... you don't really understand it anyways.So I am going to tell you what I LOVE about this computer and what I use it for. I am a full time college student as well as a single mother who stays busy. I have previously used a HP All In one computer that I bought brand new a year ago and I hate that thing... It is so slow!!! When I first opened this item, I was just hoping that it would be a little faster! What I got instead was an amazing computer that is faster than I could have ever imagined. Now I don't use this thing for much more than amazon reviews, school work, and papers. But this is exactly what I needed.It navigated quickly between web pages, my Microsoft word programs opens instantly and doesn't take forever to load like my HP does. The picture of this monitor is just beautiful. Everything is so clear. I love that the keyboard has a back light so I can see the keys if I need to take a look at them while I am typing, but the back lights go away after a few seconds, so if you are watching a movie, the lit up key board will not bother you.This computer is so light weight and easy to carry. I love the sleek design of it as well. This would be a great computer for anyone who just needs a basic computer for the internet or spreadsheets. I would feel at ease taking this computer with me to college or sending it off to college with my children, and I wouldn't worry if they had the ability to complete their assignments in school. I am so so so happy with this product!"
1716,"This is the best laptop deal you can get, full stop.Touchescreen? Nope. That feature is stupid in a laptop, in my view. As you use the keyboard, incidental touche s of the screen change focus or move to different screens--touchscreen is a gimmick and sucks.The screen on this laptop is worth the price by itself. Gorgeous, black is actually black, it rivals my AOC gaming desktop monitor.The Ryzen chip inside can be overclosked if you feel like it, but it is not needed. It is plenty fast for a laptop.This is set up to add memory and a hard drive. Do so. I spent an additional $50 to add a 1tb drive and an 8gig memory stick.  In so doing, I have the same specs as a $700 consumer laptop.Gaming? I stream from my desktop, it's perfect. It won't run any modern games at more than low settings (if that) but you don't need to run them onboard if you have a gaming machine. DO NOT BUY THIS TO PLAY GAMES ONBOARD. Stream via Steam, it's perfect.Buy this for $300, spend an additional $50 or $100 on memory and storage, and sit back and realize that you got a premier laptop for 1/3 the money people are spending on nothing.Build quality is bomber. Eveything is solid, no rattles, no warps. Others have ripped on the touchpad--can't tell the difference between this and any other laptop touchpad. It isn't loose, responds as usual, no problem.The screen is GORGEOUS and much better than laptops at twice or three times the price.I actually like the compressed number pad on the right. If you aren't doing a lot of 10-key stuff, it's what you need.The keyboard backlight stays on while you're typing, shuts off when you aren't. Perfectly configured.This boots in about 15 seconds.It has some heft, but is still very light. Hard to describe, but you can carry this all day in your backpack and not even know it is there. The power brick is about the size of a Toblerone tube. I plan on buying an extra to travel with.This will work as a consumer laptop as is, like I said, but add some memory and a hard drive and you are CRUSHING.I can't sing the praises of this enough.Buy this, add a drive and a memory stick and you get a premier laptop for less than $400. And you get a better screen, too. And anyone can do that, it isn't tough at all. If you can turn a screwdriver, you can update this machine.Make sure to go in and turn S mode off. First, activate Windows, then go to the store and turn off S mode.This is much better than what other companies are offering as a budget laptop."
1717,"A very reasonably priced laptop for basic computing needs. The specs that stick out to me for describing this as ""basic needs"" is 4GB of RAM, and 128GB M.2 SSD. Both are at the bare minimum in today's needs. Cell phones now come with those specs( high dollar ones though..).Seems like one of the goals of this laptop is to keep an aesthetically pleasing design. Just 1 3.1 USB port and 2 2.0 USB ports are included, one headphone/mic jack, 1 slim RJ45 port, HDMI, and power input plug. No external battery.2 things that stuck out to me when I started using: screen and sound quality. The screen is very sharp and high contrast. Black is actually black. Very impressed. I was also surprised by the audio quality. I don't expect much from laptop speakers, especially low priced ones, but was pleasantly surprised on how clear the audio is.The back panel of the laptop does not have any easy access ports to swap out hard drives or RAM. Instead, you remove 10 or so Philips screws to remove the entire panel. I've already swapped out the 4GB RAM stick for an 8GB. Easy enough.The laptop includes an M.2 SSD. The pro to this is you still have the option of adding a traditional sized disk to expand your storage, without needing to worry about reinstalling an OS or attempting to clone the included drive.Almost puked when I thought I was locked-in to ""S Mode"" When I went to unlock S-mode, Windows kindly directly me to pay >$100 to purchase a license! I was furious thinking this was some new scheme to sell laptops without a full legitimate Windows license and instead lock you into a Microsoft only app store. I forget the exact steps I took, but somewhere I found that there was an error in activating my Windows license, and I had to click a troubleshoot button, then it magically worked and got me out of S mode. Disaster averted.A couple of things that annoy me:-The touchpad feels a little loose to me. Just gently touching it causes it to move and you can hear a plastic on plastic sound, its distracting...-The keyboard backlight turns off after a set amount of time, you must press a key for it to illuminate again. Moving the mouse/touchpad does not cause the keys to light up. You must touch a key. I see the is a BIOS option for disabling the timeout. I've disabled it but it appears to have no effect. It still turns off.-The slim-line RJ45 port seems messed up... I pull the flap down and it does not open far enough to insert a connector. I will probably never use it.. but what gives?"
1718,"A few months after the purchase....It is still running good and I bought 5 more for my colleagues, so I bought all together 8 machines.  My of my colleagues need more memory while some need less.  So what I do is, for those who need more, I took the 4GB RAM out from their machine and put it in the machine of the colleague who needs less.  So 1 machine got 2x4G running in dual channel with identical RAM and install a new 2x8G for the original machine.  To be honest, difference for 4 to 8 is high, but little difference from 8 to 16.  So those in a tight budget can save your money._____________________This laptop is great.  For this price, there is nothing to complain.I use this for basic computer needs at home.  What I will do with is just Office, surfing, youtube, netflix.  This computer handles it really well, all very smoothly.What I like most is the screen.  It is IPS.  At this price point (310 for me), most laptops are bundled with TN display, which be honestly is a deal breaker.  The screen here is gorgeous.  I do not see much difference to my gaming laptop which cost me thrice.  Sound is good, keyboard design average.  I don't like the small num pad.  Some people complained on the backlight, but I don't need this function.  But the num lock indicator, however, is important but wasn't there.On the spec, there is just 4G of RAM.  You can, however, upgrade it easily.  There are 10 screws at of back.  Open it and you can add another slot of RAM and another HDD.  My recommendation, upgrade to 8 or 16G and add another SDD drive immediately after the setup is done as 128G storage will not be enough.  For gaming, I am yet to test it, but at 310, don't expect anything.Ar..  the Windows S issue, google Windows S Switch and you will know how to change it back to Windows 10 Home.  It is just a few clicks and a few minutes.  Everyone can do it.After all, a great computer.  My family members ordered 2 when they see mine.  Highly recommend."
1719,BUYER BE AWARE: This computer has Microsoft 10S. This is scam software by Microsoft to force you to use only Microsoft apps from their deserted island wasteland of an app store. The computer will not allow you to do anything else. You can upgrade to a full version of Microsoft 10... for another $134. Hard pass. STAY AWAY from ALL computers with Microsoft 10S!! Absolute garbage software.
1720,"I got this for my ten year old son because it's a great laptop for kids. It has a solid state hard drive which means there's no moving parts and it can take more abuse. In other words I'm not going to worry when my son throws this into his backpack. It's also pretty lightweight and portable.I was, however, a little on the fence about S mode. So what is this? It's a locked down version of Windows 10. It is somewhat limiting in that you can't just run any program you want, it has to be a program solely from the windows store. For example, you have to use Bing as your search engine. You have to use Microsoft Edge as your web browser. For those who are interested in programming, you can't use command-line shells. Pretty limiting right? But the advantage is that the laptop is safer from viruses and malware since there is so much control over what programs can be used. It's very stable and ""safe."" If it tells you anything, Microsoft markets S-mode laptops to schools because of this safety and stability. Now you can easily scrap the S mode at anytime, but once you leave S mode you can't come back.Other things of note: Upon startup the default settings really lets Microsoft snoop on every little thing you do. I had to disable much of this. If you are handing this over to a kid, I would recommend you do the same. But otherwise, startup was very easy. Cortana talks to you and after you've answered some questions (literally, you can speak the answers) everything is set up.I did notice the speakers are very weak, but honestly I am seldom impressed with laptop speakers. That's when Bluetooth speakers come into play and you can do that easily with this. The screen is not a touch-screen which, I suppose, at this price point you can't really expect.I also saw this laptop has a night setting, which I love. Starting at 8pm, the display minimizes blue light so as not to mess with your body's sleep cycle. That, to me, was a HUGE plus!So would I recommend this? If you are a computer programmer or hope for your kid to be a computer programmer than no, absolutely not. But if you're just wanting to use a computer without necessarily knowing how the parts and software work then YES! This would be a GREAT laptop for you! I can also see this as a great tool for senior citizens as well because if how user-friendly everything is set up to be."
1721,It runs amazing
1722,"*UPDATE : The labtop completely died near end of warranty, would not charge or power up. Acer replaced motherboard, about 2 weeks turn around time.-The only down side is the 4 gb of ram. 128 nvme is AMAZING at this price, makes the labtop amazingly snappy. Reads are in 1.3-1.4 GB/s range.The display is great for the price, viewing angles are fantastic. Perfect for media consumption. Easily comparable with labtops 2-2.5 times the price. This is bar far my #1 reason for keeping the machine. speakers arent great though, have bluetooth headphones handy.I was able to put POP OS 19 on it without an issue, everything worked perfectly and its very snappy. Due to the nvme you are going to get amazing snappiness.Fully upgradable! There is a included screws to mount 2.5 drive in the box, you can switch wifi card , add another stick  of ram , or swap the M.2.Ram runs at 2400 based on platform, so dont bother with expensive stuff.  The included one is rated at 2666.Stays cool since its a small chip. Fan isnt loud at 100%.Battery life lasts about 3-3.5 hours underload with brightness at 40%.I was able to run dawn of war ii and a few other older games at medium 1080P at half decent frame rates on linux, older games forsure though.Keyboard is good  , much better than idealpad3XX and swift3. I've seen much worst on  much  more expensive devices.I actually really like the aluminium cover, makes the device look premium.This is great machine to consume videos and do light typing without being frustrated by cost or the performance, A+ Acer for putting every dollar where it makes the user experience pleasant ."
1723,"The Acer 5 slim is sleek, beautiful, durable, lightweight, lightning fast (when upgraded to 16gb of ram), and has a ridiculously low price tag. It probably wouldn't be of much use for gaming or CAD, but for basic web browsing, office use, and video streaming, it will do well. I have added some pictures next to a macbook air for size comparison. The screen is bright and beautiful, offering 1080p resolution. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the keyboard lights up! I plan to use this laptop mainly to stream business news, news tickers, and follow several stocks on multiple tabs. For this reason, I knew the RAM upgrade would be necessary. This PC would likely be quite slow if you chose to keep the 4GB of RAM, as 2GB is shared memory. I would recommend at the very least adding another 4GB stick, as there is a slot available and a 4GB stick is quite cheap. I decided to add a second hard drive as well, 128GB is not much, if I recall correctly, only 98GB was available, and that was before any Windows updates!I spent an extra $116 on the following upgrades:Teamgroup 16GB (8GBx2) - 2666MHz , DDR4 Dual-channel laptop memory, and a Kingston 480GB A400 SATA 3 2.5"" Internal SSD hard drive. The fact that Acer made this laptop with 2 memory slots and a spot for a second harddrive is part of the reason this laptop has been a bestseller for so long. Without these options I wouldn't have considered purchasing it. I have included pictures of the laptop with the back cover removed, at various stages of adding the Kingston 2.5"" SATA harddrive. It is an incredibly easy procedure, but I thought some may benefit from the photos. A bag of screws to secure the harddrive actually came with the laptop, which I included it in one of the photos. Replacing the memory is straightforward. To remove the back panel to access the internals, you simply remove 10 phillips screws.After installing the second hard drive, you will probably need to head over to disk management to partition the new drive. Be very careful with this step, as you can really mess your computer up & delete data, if you click on the wrong things! I haven't installed a second hard drive in ages, I expected windows to gind the drive after the installation, but that wasn't the case for me!This PC includes Microsoft Windows 10 in S mode. I suppose some people will be ok with this mode, as it enhances security and performance by only allowing programs available in the Microsoft Store. The vast majority of us however, will want to switch out of this mode ASAP. Fortunately switching modes is a very simple procedure. Here is the process:Go to Settings  > Update & Security  > Activation.In the Switch to Windows 10 Home section, select Go to the Store. There is also an ""upgrade your edition of Windows"" section on the screen during this step, do NOT click the ""Go to the Store"" link below that!On the Switch out of S mode page that appears in the Microsoft Store, select the Get button.Congratulations! Your new computer now has Microsoft windows 10 home, without the restrictions of S mode!Bottom line - this laptop is an absolute bargain! I hope you found this review helpful, if so, please kindly click the ""helpful"" button! Thank you!"
1724,"I bought this laptop for its weight and that's about the only thing positive I can say about it.The processing power is not very strong, so performance-wise, I was not impressed. But with the pricetag considered, I'm all right with this.However, the biggest thing for me is the OS- WINDOWS 10-IN S MODE.I had never heard of S Mode, and I didn't notice this when I bought the laptop.Apparently, S Mode is Microsoft's way of ensuring that you only use their apps and products by blocking you from downloading any outside apps. You have to get them all through their store. So, for example, were I to try to download Norton's anti-virus from Norton's official site, Microsoft's S Mode would tell me that I am unable. Any and all files outside of their store are blocked from being downloaded.In order to leave S Mode, you have to change it in the settings, but then you have to use a registration key for Windows 10 Home or Pro. So I shelled out another $130 just to get a fully functioning OS. Factor that price into this laptop price. THEN- after purchasing Windows 10 Home, I had to keep trying over the course of 4 days for the laptop to accept me switching out of S Mode because Microsoft was conveniently having server errors on their side and so my request could not be processed at this time. This is a common issue, at least from what I read among those discussing S Mode on Reddit forums. Multiple people report that Microsoft has server issues when you try to opt out of S Mode.Very very unhappy with this laptop for the sole reason that the OS is Windows 10 in S Mode. It was inconvenient and one of the most useless things I have ever seen pre-installed on a computer. Created a major and unnecessary headache for me."
1725,"I was hesitant getting a Chromebook as I was concerned I'd miss being able to install windows programs, but so far I am really impressed with this. It was very quick to setup and easy to sync all of my Google account info. Having the ability to install Google apps is great. It's lightweight, runs fast, and seems to have a long lasting battery.As far as shipping it came packaged really well and the condition is 9/10 with only a slight smudge on the top of lid."
1726,Did not come with a charger
1727,5 months is all this piece of crap lasted! Conveniently past the 90 warranty window.  I called the 3rd party seller and had a mini argument about their company standing behind their products...  He told he that I would have to take this into a repair shop to have a new microphone and camera installed.  I told him that I knew that this would cost more than the laptop itself.  It said it would be around $40.  Well guess what the report shop said.  Exactly what I knew from the beninging...it would cost $300 plus the laptop would never function the same.  DO NOT BUY!!  Save yourself the waste of money....  buy new and not from a 3rd party seller
1728,I have no cell phone to get instruction s - this is not a laptop  - the keys are different and I have no idea how to use this -  I can barely hear it -  it takes forever just to load facebook -  it constantly buffers -  I see why it was discounted  -  junk.
1729,I have another chromebook but it has an 11 inch screen.  I was surprised that this one with a 14inch screen has better battery life.  Mostly I am browsing internet so I don't need all of the slowness and problems associated with Windows 10.
1730,"Exactly as described. Havent tried the touch screen yet because I keep forgetting it's an option. The chromebook is definitely different then I'm used to, but it has been an easy transition."
1731,"I need Bluetooth for some things.  This unit will not run Bluetooth without completely taking away all my bandwidth for wifi.  I get 12M down but fire up Bluetooth and I drop to 1m or less.  So tube videos are  impossible to watch.  Even listening to just music via BT although not as drastic will still cause the audio to stutter/stop and start.The next thing is the wifi range is not as good as all my devices...  50 ft and the transfer rate down is a 1/3rd down...  <>8M....  All my devices run above 11M...  So sadly I am returning the unit.The BT issue has been known about for quite a while.  I would not have thought there would be any problem with BT...My Mac, PC win 10 laptop runs BT just fine an there is absolutely no bandwidth traffic!I borrowed a friends older Lenovo chromebook and it demonstrates the same thing.  His wifi speed was good.Jim"
1732,"So the laptop is very portable,  easy to use, and pretty fast. The problem is I bought this as a Christmas gift, so didn't open or test it when I got it. After opening it we found that the webcam doesn't work. We tried ever solution we could find online but nothing worked. I tried to contact the seller and they we next to useless just telling me to refresh it, then never replying again. So I ended up having to but another laptop for zoom meetings for school. If you can I'd at the very least avoid this seller."
1733,14 inch is a great size if you want something medium size. Very light weight and easy to use. Usbc cord is great so all of the devices that I own use the same charger. I got this for under 200 and it was well worth it if you need something to type and simple web browsing. My only wish was that this was touch screen and I didn't realized I needed touch screen at the time...
1734,DO NOT ORDER THIS!!! I ordered something this and got a lower grade of Chrome book(N22 which is worth less than half the price of the laptop in the display).
1735,"I've only had it about a week, and it has been constant troubleshooting.  When it works, I like the keyboard, the display is crisp and it boots up fast and switches tasks quickly.  But things didn't (and some still don't) work out of the box, and there is too much spamware installed.The right click on the touchpad did not function out of the box.  I researched a bit, couldn't find a good solution, but after I did a BIOS update for a different problem it seems to work now, although with a fiddly two finger gesture instead of just one finger clicking in the bottom right like every other laptop I've got.  It is a dice roll whether it registers both fingers or not, so you might get the right click menu, you might just open links or jump to somewhere else in the program and then have to get back and try again.  I'm guessing I'd get used to this.You do get Windows pre-installed.  The license key is a bit hard to find in case you need/want to reinstall it, but you can find it in the BIOS.  It boots real fast, so it is tricky to get to the BIOS menu.  Windows also doesn't seem to actually shut down, so when you open up the lid, it is already past the BIOS prompt (with the default settings).  Microsoft requires a Microsoft account to even use the computer, which isn't Lenovo's fault, but annoying.  Lenovo comes with ""helpful"" admin tools to update firmware and the BIOS, but you have to set up a Lenovo account to do so.  That is a pain, and I exited out, only to see that I've got an email verifying my Lenovo account, apparently populating it with info from the Microsoft account that I just set up.  I don't want to be paranoid, but Microsoft had me set up an account and five minutes later my information is being used to set up other accounts.  Not a good look for either side - how am I supposed to trust anything I do on this laptop?But even worse is the Lenovo software is like continuously being asked about your car's extended warranty, warning you about all the bad things that will happen and upselling you on better support.  How many people are buying a $500 laptop and needing on-site replacement services?The biggest problem by far is that I still don't know what the USB-C port does.  I initially set it up using my docking station.  USB-C charging didn't work.  It didn't recognize a second display.  It did recognize the ethernet connection and mouse and keyboard.  Reading up, it looks like it is fiddly with exactly which docking stations it will talk to.  I'm currently leaving one job, starting another, and for . . . reasons . . . , I currently have 5 daily use laptops, all of which work flawlessly with a ""high end"" Dell docking station.  I also have a ton of cheap ones from the last year hooking up school Chromebooks to various monitors.  None of them work with this Lenovo.  It will recognize the second display if I plug in the HDMI cable directly.  I have also tried any number of adapters to plug into the USB-C port - from Chromebooks, from a MacBookPro, from a dedicated USB charging hub that far exceeds the power requirements - no luck.  It doesn't recognize any of them to charge.  It does have a second charging port with a dedicated, proprietary connector which works well enough, but the brick that plugs to the wall is large and the cord is short-ish and the charging port is on one side of the machine only, which limits where I can actually use it.Speaking of which, the battery is nowhere near the 8.5 hours advertised.  More like 4, with the settings out of the box.  That is enough for me, but I had 75% charge left, suspended the computer and closed the lid, and it was completely empty 6 hours later.  I'm not sure you could be doing anything less with the computer, and it still drained the battery pretty quickly.  I've played with disabling some BIOS settings but don't see a huge difference.  If I don't have it plugged in overnight, it is dead in the morning.Other than that, no problems :)  I actually like the computer when it is running, it is much better than the one I am replacing, performance-wise.  But things did not work out of the box, and having a half-baked USB-C port that doesn't charge is probably a deal breaker for me.  I'm waiting on another docking station that has been reported to work well with this laptop before throwing away the days of configuration and returning it.  Who knows, maybe I just got a bum USB port and it does work out of the box for everyone else."
1736,"This is my second Lenovo and I wouldn't have bought another one if the first wasn't a gem. The touchscreen can be very handy if you aren't a touchpad user (which I'm not) and you don't have space to use a mouse (such as on a plane). The only drawback on this particular model is no backlit keyboard.  Otherwise,  I give it 5 stars."
1737,"I'm delighted with my new computer.... The only issue is that the fingerprint sensor isn't working, but everything is cool and despite the computer is made from plastic, it feels very classy."
1738,very good home type computer
1739,"WiFi died and even a complete software reset would not fix it, clearly a hardware issue. I am having to not only pay this seller to return it they are going to charge me a 20% restocking fee because I threw the box away THE DAY BEFORE IT DIED!"
1740,"According to the Yale School of Management, Lenovo continues to pursue business interests in the Russian Federation even though scores of other reputable companies have withdrawn from the country."
1741,"I bought this laptop for scientific computing, and I was waiting for one with an 8-core processor for parallelized computations. When I saw a Ryzen 8-core processor, 32 GB RAM, and the price, ~$900 before tax, it ticked. This HP-Ryzen laptop exceeded my expectations in speed and energy efficiency. I ran a benchmark test of Wolfram Mathematica (the software I use for computations) and the results were far above all other computers listed there for comparison. At the same time, the laptop does not consume much energy, its power adapted is small. I run a parallelized computation using all 8 cores for hours and the laptop's body is only a little bit warm. I do not hear any sound of the fan. This is a huge step forward in comparison to my previous laptops with Intel i7 processors that consumed a lot of energy and were getting hot even in the idling regime.On the other hand, it is apparently not a gaming laptop as it has an AMD Radeon graphics card, no expensive Nvidia that I don't need. Comparable gaming laptops (8 cores) on Amazon cost twice as much.I haven't found any serious drawbacks yet. A small drawback is that the keyboard is not illuminated from within, the body of this laptop and its keys are gray, while inscriptions on the keys are not white but grayish. With low light, you don't see them well, and you cannot work at night without a light. The keyboard is much better visible on my preceding Dell Inspiron laptop (Intel i5, also energy efficient and overall good) that has a black surface and keys, white key inscriptions, and keyboard illumination."
1742,"great update from my 10 yr old lenovo t430.it is light and super fast, sturdy built and i like the touch.setup was easy and upgraded to win 11 in no time. fabulous interface. like the new windows!very happy with the purcahse."
1743,Overall performance of the laptop is good. I primarily bought it for educational purposes and it definitely meets my needs.
1744,It never worked as it should it seemed to be reconditioned
1745,"I use the laptop for PowerPoints, projection, Xcel, etc.  Utilize it on a network and it hooked right up and worked great.  Not a single complaint.  Love it!"
1746,My people say it works great!
1747,"Mic doesn't pick up well when speaker is off or at edge of camera, but it is faster than the Ryzen 5 I murdered, lighter weight, too. I thought I would miss my 17in screen, but 15in is okay since the resolution is good."
1748,"This is a long review.  To summarize, you get what you pay for and then some.  This is a very usable package at a bargain price.  Nothing is top-of-the-line, but you will get a nice, compact machine for web-based activity.This is my first Chromebook.  Previously I have used Macs and laptops from Toshiba and Lenovo.  I decided to go with a Chromebook because I mostly email, browse pages, Zoom, and watch Youtube.  Anything I need to do document-wise can be covered by Google.  The compactness and long battery life is a big plus.  I'm tired of big, heavy laptops wearing holes in my bags.This Chromebook weighs 2-1/4 .lbs, which is excellent.  It is about the size of a magazine, so I would not hestitate to take it anywhere.  The body is plastic, which is durable and easy to keep clean.  It's not as nice as metal, but it is generally solid.  The bottom panel is a teeny bit loose, but that is a nitpick.Battery life is as advertised.  Depending what you do you get around 10 hours or more, which is more than double any laptop I have used.The screen opens to 135 degrees (or 45 degrees against the tabletop).  I was disappointed it did not open to a full 180, but I can work with it.  Screen brightness is listed at 220 nits (on the low end), but don't let that deter you; it is as bright as my 8 year old Macbook and my Lenovo laptop assigned by work. For indoor use, it works just fine.  If you work outside, you will have to find shade.  The display quality is not the best, but perfectly useable.  It is an IPS display, which provides better viewing angles and color rendition.  The 11.6"" screen is enough real estate for watching videos and reading the news.  I can type this review and read my email side by side.  This is also a touch screen, which seems to work fine in my limited experience.  When laying down with the Chromebook on my chest, it's nice to just browse using the touchscreen.  I have downloaded a few Android games, and they work great on the touchscreen.  IMO spend more for the touch screen if you want to use Android apps.The keyboard is a comfortable size.  I am typing efficiently without making lots of mistakes.  Most of the keys are where you expect them to be.  The specialized Chrome keys don't interfere.  The keys themselves have a nice, positive response.  Equally responsive is the trackpad, which comes with a full repertoire of gestures for scrolling, zooming, and viewing apps.  One thing I noticed is you can only physically click on the botton half of the touchpad, but I usually tap to click.The on-board speakers are a nice surprise.  They are loud and clear.  An audiophile might find them slightly tinny, but I can listen to music for hours using just these speakers.  There is minimal distortion when I crank the volume up to max. Of course, there is a headphone jack and bluetooth capability.32 gigs of memory may be challenged if you install a lot of apps.  The Chrome System takes up about 13 GB on its own. I have inserted a 128 GB Micro SD card, which can be used as storage for Android apps that support it.  For example, I can download music from Youtube Music to my SD card.  Documents from the Text editor and Camera app can be directed to the SD card as well.Regarding the processor, I don't do anything that has taxed this system yet.  I usually only have a couple of tabs and apps open, and I play a few games.  Keep in mind this is the same processor on the almost universally lauded Lenovo Duet Chromebook, so it is no slouch.The 720p webcam is adquate for web conferencing, taking snapshots or recording videos.  It's a little grainy with indoor lighting.  People seem to hear me fine using the internal microphone, but works best if you are sitting right in front of the computer.  The mic input can be adjusted if you expand the volume options in the wifi/battery/time options.One last cool thing is you can charge this Chromebook with a phone charger (with the right cable).  It is slow, and must be done while the Chromebook is not in use.  I was able to get 15% per hour using a basic phone charger.  It might be nice if you are traveling and don't need to lug around the clunky power supply that comes with this Chromebook.Overall, I am happy with my purchase. This is a nice value package that delivers."
1749,"I first want to say that mechanically this laptop worked great. The company that sent it also sent it very fast, arriving ahead of the projected date. Now that positivity is out of the way, why am i returning it?Say what you want about me, but i didn't realize that this device used a different OS. I originally wanted an affordable laptop for some word processing. Chrome OS does not allow you to do this. Functionally it could,  but it designed to be an internet browser and little else. Do you have a phone? Well, your phone is capable of everything this device can do and more. Why would anyone need a laptop with less functionality than a phone?Many software programs support a variety of operating systems. They do not currently work with Chrome OS. You cannot even attempt to download them. I have heard that you can download apps (not that i was able to experience this for myself), but that will be the only downloading of programs that you might have access to.This now leads to my final gripe, the device is basically online only.A browser cannot function without internet, so it is with this device. It seems to be so dependent on this that it actually bugged out when i tried to delete the only wifi connection it had. (which reminds me, there is no way that you can factory reset this device. There is no option to do so, take that as you will.) When you first start up this device, it will force you to connect to the internet. You can skip putting in you Google account info, but it will not allow you to proceed without internet.Tldr: Don't get anything with Chrome OS. Your phone is capable of so much more than this ever will be."
1750,"This is a great Chromebook for a middle to highschooler. It has a real long battery life charges quickly, and maintains a strong wireless signal. The touchscreen is very responsive and we haven’t had any problems with it at all. It has a very comfortable keyboard."
1751,"I only use a computer for personal stuff, e-mails, facebook, random stuff., a zoom meeting once a week. I'm 72 and needed a lighter, smaller one than my dinosaur of a laptop. This fits the bill perfectly. It weighs less than the average book, it has a very long battery life, its size and weight makes it easily portable, and I can have it outside on the deck for hours without losing power. I love the touchscreen, and it was not hard converting to the Chrome OS from Windows. The only thing this didn't offer was a backlit keyboard, but since It's white, w/white keyboard, It's not hard to see even in dim light. So easy to use and carry, and easily contains everything my old computer had downloaded--and that's a lot!  I Love It!"
1752,"It's very important to note, this is a Chromebook NOT a full-sized laptop, so this may be much smaller than expected.Personally, I love this Chromebook, size and all. It works great and has a pretty decent quality. No issues with so far with charging, battery life, crashing, etc. I would only hope for a better sound quality, as it doesn't get very loud at all. Plenty of storage space for me as well, as I use it for crafting (Design Space app, emails, saving photos, etc.) I would also recommend this for those looking for something small with a keyboard for school use."
1753,"This is perfect for what I need. I  am a writer and have been writing on a kindle tablet, and it was just too small."
1754,"I like the Chromebook, but it restarts itself every day on its own. I've had it for less than a month. I believe the MicroSD card slot is too close to the power cord slot. I leverage my thumb on the side of the Chromebook to pull the power cord out (the spot where the MicroSD card slot is) so I end up uninstalling the card. No, there's no other way to carefully remove the power cord. I've had several Chromebooks and never had issues until this one."
1755,"I didn't realize how small it was however it's a nice laptop,the screen did go black for a full day, it was charged an everything,for some weird reason it came back on, that's the only issue I've had with it"
1756,"Make sure you read the fine print. I received my chromebook. The package it was in was already opened. A little annoyed I paid for a new one and got a used one but it looked ok. Plug it in to start using it and check it out. Kept saying it was charging. Unplugged it the next day only for it to cut righty back off and say it was dead. I tried another chromebook charger and the same thing happened. So I decided to get some support. Amazon was nice but made me try all the things I already did. After nothing worked, again. They told me to contact the seller, there was nothing else they could do to help me. I reached out to the seller and got no reply. And apparently I can’t return it. For any reason whatsoever. So now I have a cr*p laptop that I just wasted $ on that I guess I’ll now have to pay to take somewhere to fix it. So annoyed and disappointed. I haven’t even had it a few days and can’t even return for a replacement or to get my money back. Cool cool cool. Thanks"
1757,"If my labtop goes to sleep, when I try to use it from sleep the screen is split.  The botton half is on top and the top part is on the bottom.  And nothing can be done to fix this other than logging out and shutting down and restarting the computer. This becomes very annoying after a while.  Also, with regularity, the notebook simply freezes and again, the only remedy is to shut down and restart. A third regret is that it is very, very slow, much slower than the 5-year old Acer Chromebook (similar price) that I am trying to replace because it's nearing 5-years old and Chrome no longer supports my Acer Chromebook with security updates.  The HP Chromebook is such poor quality that I don't use it anymore, I'm back to using my 5-year old Acer Chromebook.  I have a few more months until it's no longer supported.  I think I will try the Pixelbook Go, it seems to have good reviews and I have much higher hopes for it.  I'm so disappointed with the HP that I will never, ever consider another HP product.  Such low, laughable quality."
1758,I did not know that the Chromebook I purchased was ‘refurbished’ until I received it.  The price pd was for a new laptop. I feel cheated. I am not happy.
1759,"Its a basic Chromebook.  Nothing fancy but does exactly what I need it to do.  Internet searching, emails and can stream  amazon video.  Going to experiment with Google Docs and slides also.  For the money...I think it was a great purchase."
1760,"I was not sure I would like a Chromebook. Quick start up. Once you figure out how to work off line and navigate, it's not that different from other formats. You can easily add memory via a thumb drive or micro sd card. The only thing I can't do is a wireless connection to my printer.  Small inconvenience for the cost of the laptop. It is plenty fast for office apps and the internet with the battery lasting all day. Thumbs up."
1761,"The  HP Chromebook is an excellent multi purpose laptop. It can be used for researching online, budgeting and finances, games, music and movies. Shopping for anything needed for the entire family.Taking classes on line or for homework for students."
1762,"It looks new and is fast, has a long battery life, and is spot on what we needed.  Just a fast device that we can search the web on and project onto a television screen.  Lightweight so we can move it around easily and small so it tucks away when not in use.  Can't beat the price for this level of computer."
1763,"The laptop was purchased renewed. Be careful who you purchase from. Mine was severely compromised and infected all of my androids. I suggest to thoroughly inspect it first and if something seems out of the norm, return item immediately. Such as logging in and out. Be safe and spend a few xtra dollars on a new one if you can. I wish I would of. Just a warning. I'm sure not all of the sellers are untrustworthy but the few that are? Beware."
1764,We bought this product for my father in law as a gift.  He's a novice to say the least at technology and couldn't be more pleased with the product.  Company did a great job and it arrived two days after the purchase in a secure box and packaged to ensure no damage would take place.  I would definitely order from them again!
1765,The laptop I received is not what I expected. This laptop does not want to turn on no matter what power adapter I use. The problem is with the computer itself. It's very inconvenient and incredibly disappointing.
1766,was delivered with a user id still on it.  renewed?  No one even looked at it.  Total BS
1767,This computer does NOT have a backlit keyboard as advertised in the product description.
1768,"My only gripe is the screen itself. Has a backlight sheen, so you have the have the right angle to see colors correctly. Had to download a second party program to change gamma and brightness, but it looks better now.Has SD slot, and my first Windows 11 computer. Everything installs and works properly. A backlit keyboard would be nice, but I knew it didn’t have one when I bought it."
1769,"I just got this computer today and my first impression is: it's loud. The keys are not clicky but sort of hollow sounding, which isn't too bad. The fans turn on and off constantly and WEEEESHHHHHHHH for minutes at a time (all I've done so far is load Chrome). The worst thing for me is the touchpad makes a sound like you're dragging your finger over bad paper from grade-school chapter books. I'm autistic (and admittedly have a headache right now ((there go the fans for no reason))) and I'm extremely sensitive to noises and this fffsffssffsfsfsfsfssssssss sound is super irritating. My old HP had a nice smooth touchpad that literally made NO NOISE, why oh why would they change it? I'm already trying to duck the noise my own fingers are making, or using my other hand to cover it up to deaden the noise. I'll end up using this with headphones in a lot, which will make my husband sad...Still sitting here with the fans going, and they actually cover up the noise of the touchpad... That's not a solution.I'm sure I'll be back with more to say but this was my immediate unhappy impressionnext day update: WHY DIDN'T ANYONE MENTION THAT ####### ### ###### ######## ###### LIGHT ON THE F6 KEY ????? It comes on when you push mute,,,,which, I ALWAYS have my computer on mute. I realise I could just turn down the volume but I want to push the mute button. And now when I do, this annoying orange light comes on that's a tiny sun in a dark room, very distracting. I hate it and now have put .99 cent nail polish on my 750$ machine.FEW DAYS LATER: the nail polish is holding up, but using this thing with only WoW running on it (that's it, that's all that on it) it's like being on the moores on a windy night. Just WEeeEEEEEEEeSHHHSEeWWEEEEEEEEESssshEEEEEEEWEEEEEEEHHHHHWWSSSSSS constantly from the processors, it's high pitched and incessant.The arrow keys are weird shaped and too small (for laptop gaming purposes) but at least the entire spacebar and touchpad work which is more than I could say for the Dell I had."
1770,"I was skeptical when I ordered this because there was not a model included in the description. But I have never had an issue returning anything I have ordered through Amazon in the past so I decided to go for it.Yes, it is an HP laptop! It is actually an hp laptop model 15-ef2127wm . I ordered the one with 32GB RAM and 1 TB SSD drive. I wanted something with similar specs to my desktop pc. I have been extremely pleased with the performance!I tried to take a picture since the product information is on the bottom of the laptop. However, the font is extremely small and the black on gray isn't the best contrast so the image tends to be blurry. If I could change one thing about it I would have the keyboard backlit. I like that the cooling vent is on the top between the screen and the keyboard. I tend to play City of Heroes Homecoming for hours on end. I changed my graphics settings for the appearance over performance and this laptop never seemed to get hot even after 8 hours of gaming!I am not into VR gaming so you might check with HP on that. it will upgrade to Windows 11. I personally have not done this because my desktop pcs are not compatible and I like to have everything on the same operating system."
1771,"I've been looking for a new laptop.  This is the third one I've bought, and I'll probably end up keeping it against my better judgement just because I'm tired of looking.  My main issue is that the product listing says this is a new 2022 model.  And it comes with UDB-C data only.  None of my docking stations work with it at all.  It doesn't send video.  No charging.  It doesn't recognize etherrnet.  It doesn't recognize a mouse or keyboard or anything besides a USB storage device.  Yes, you can use the HDMI port on the laptop and that works fine.  And it has two USB A ports for a keyboard and mouse and you can hope you don't need anything else.  And you can pray you don't lose or damage the charger, because it is of course non-standard.  I move between my desk and other areas enough that plugging and unplugging all of the peripherals multiple times a day is not a good thing.This isn't the highest end laptop, but for the price missing this functionality makes no sense.  My $150 chromebooks have had this for years, as have all of my work laptops from a variety of manufacturers.You might ask why I'm on my third laptop and why I still keep making this error?  The product copy of this on Amazon doesn't mention it either way.  But, I had other questions, and found the model on other websites and the HP website, and those indicated a docking station was supported.  The previous one I returned to Amazon because it specifically said it had support and didn't.  The first one I returned somewhere else, because I saw USB-C and charging/monitors have been supported for so long, I just assumed this would work, plus one of the pictures talked about USB-C and had a picture of multiple monitors but had photoshopped all the wires out and they said after the picture was showing using the HDMI port on the laptop.This is also the reason I'm keeping it.  I look around at other similarly priced or slightly higher ones, and it is really difficult to tell if returning yet another one will make a difference - I guess I'll have to go see them in person to tell for sure.  Now, if I wanted a Chromebook, I know I could get one at 1/3 the price that supports this, but I really need a functional SSH client and X-Windows display.All of that said, the laptop is functional enough.  Fast to boot, quick to compile code, fast switching between programs, good display, above average battery life.  If only they'd tossed in a $5 part to have a real port."
1772,"Nice computer, fast, good screen, but just stopped working after 3+ weeks of light use. You can turn it off, but the hard-drive continues running in the background and you cannot turn it on again for days! Fully charged, maybe you are in luck to turn it on -but- on most days you are OUT OF LUCK! Will return for credit! Used the Amazon Return policy within the allotted time period, printed the return label and returned item with extra packaging ($21) to the seller via UPS. Item was returned to seller on 2/6/2022 confirmed by UPS tracking and I am still waiting for a full refund by seller / Amazon."
1773,"I wanted 16 GB of RAM and SSD hard drive but didn't need a ton of space.  Some of the complaints I have read are valid.  The USB-C port does not support video.  Hard to find anywhere in the description but if that's a deal breaker for you look for USB-C Thunderbolt.  There is an actual Thunderbolt beside the USB-C port.  I almost returned the unit because of the keyboard.  Although I didn't care if it was back lit (it's not), the contrast between the letters and key is not good.  I could not see the symbols in low light.  I bought a silicon keyboard cover for about 8 bucks from the Big A and now can easily see and I am more protected from spills.  For casual users this is a great unit.  It's light and I like the screen size and the 10 digit pad built in.  You want 3 screens and a ton of ports, better dig deeper into your wallet."
1774,"This laptop was not advertised as having a touchscreen and does not have one, and is the reason for not rating a touchscreen.This laptop was for my grandson to have for school work and the on-line games he likes to participate in. He loves it and from what I have seen the laptop is very responsive and will work for him through school. Additional software is needed for word processing, etc. The only thing I did not like is, when opening and turning on the laptop it immediately goes into a setup and is a not pre-installed with Windows 11 OS, with only your personal preferences and connectivity to setup. I will update this review if to the contrary in a couple of months from now. So far, I do not expect to have to do an update."
1775,"Well it worked for about 3 days before it had fatal OS issues, I have been in contact with HP since then and have ran the hardware tests a half dozen time and had to install windows 10 in order to get back to having an OS, but now the laptop cannot find a network... ""update"" returned laptop after wasting days trying to get it fixed, but hey there's a 72$ restocking fee for a garbage laptop so that's always nice."
1776,It is bowed in the middle and twangs when I type.  Computer is fast and screen is good.  Is this a genuine HP laptop?
1777,"I love everything about this HP laptop the quality, the screen, and battery life; everything is excellent! A good investment for doing university classes. Also, suitable for work/professional purposes as well."
1778,"With only minor signs of use and a first boot fatal error that required a rescue usb, after around 2 weeks of use I must say that this is the right minimum specs for a daily office work without issues. 64gb allows to install some linux apps to work, battery arrived with 96% of health in diagnosis. I don't think you can't get better specs these days for the price. Recommended"
1779,"Received in perfect condition, no sign of prior use. Chrome OS loaded normally and was updated to latest edition without issues. International delivery was surprisingly fast."
1780,The battery life wasn't good and came with a scratch on top.
1781,"Very well built and with an elegant design. Good processor, very fast. Quiet fan operation, cool keeping in palm rest area.I was surprised by the fact that it came with an ""HDD Kit"" (connectors), to expand the storage capacity with an internal HDD disk (I asked Asus and they replied that a HDD or SSD of up to 1 TB can be installed, to expand the capacity storage).Asus customer service is very good (it comes with MyAsus software that makes communication very easy); is one reason I bought this brand. Two years ago I bought an Asus 13 ""Notebook, I had a software problem with the keyboard lighting and in a few messages they guided me on how to solve it, until now I have never had problems again.I sincerely recommend this Notebook."
1782,"Light weight, great start up speed with SSD drive.  Keyboard backlighting good for dim lights but key letters hard to see in medium light.  Ability to turn off keyboard backlighting is a plus and actually makes letters easier to see in bright light."
1783,"I've been using my new ASUS VivoBook computer for over a week and have a few comments.  First, it's a great computer for those folks who like to work in the dark.  The contrast between the silver keys and the lighted characters is poor at best.  Key F7 allows four settings for the brightness of the characters, but the brightest one is still too dim. I find it easy to see the keyboard if I work in a dimmed setting.  I've owned two ASUS computers previously and both have had excellent keyboard contrast. Why did they change to a poor contrast keyboard? Without this fault I would give it a 5 star rating.This is sold as a portable computer.  At five pounds it might be better described as transportable.This computer does NOT have a touch screen as is advertised by Amazon. This is a good screen if you don't like looking at finger prints.Going to ASUS for help sends you to a ""paid-for"" tech group. This is a helluva way to provide support and ASUS should be ashamed!"
1784,"Great laptop; very fast processor (i7), good RAM memory and nice solid state drive; there is no Touch Screen so don't know why Amazon wanted a rating on it; there are 2 issues:  support is only by email (almost useless for computers) and although it says it will support 2 monitors, it will ONLY if you close the laptop's lid; video card only supports a ""TOTAL"" of 2 monitors so don't plan on using the laptop's screen if you intend to use 2 external monitors - lid must be closed for it to display on both external monitors"
1785,"Bought for my husband after his other asus only lasted 18mths. I was skeptical to say the least, but this was what he wanted. Aside from the volume being horrible, it appears to be working just fine. We’re only 2mths into it so I’m still very cautious."
1786,"In the market for a new laptop?  I've found this unit to be exceptional, compared to my older Dell Latitude.  Speed, and the 17-inch screen feels good on my aging eyes."
1787,Very happy so far--only drawback is that the speakers on this laptop don't get very loud....
1788,"This laptop is a solid, well-built device with speed, great display, and a good keyboard.  The only downside I see is the audio quality.  Not as good as I had hoped."
1789,
1790,"Very nice laptop the screen is the right size, the only downside I have is the keys can be hard to see at times"
1791,"This one has a super fast boot up time. The only issue I have so far is that the Capslock button had a light that worked when you clicked on it (so you know when it's enabled) but now it does not light up. The computer it self is pretty good. After doing so extensive research, this one was the ""worth it"" laptop that I needed. Good for school work and office work. Comes in ""windows S mode"" but its easy to switch out to a regular mode. All you need to do is install Chrome and google will tell you exactly what you need to do to switch out of the ""S"" mode. Screen quality isn't HD but you really won't notice the difference. I would have given a five star rating if it wasn't for the capslock issue. I wish they made this with a white color design.Update-  Some vibrations and crack in sound but still working good."
1792,"Very disappointed, this was advertised as touch screen then on the description it says non touch screen and it’s much smaller than described. Very disappointed."
1793,We mainly use this Computer for zoom meetings and work so it works perfectly for emails and things like that nothing special for us
1794,"I bought this laptop because I really don't need anything fancy AT ALL! It was just supposed to be for my kids when they needed to do homework, and for me to use to search a few things on the internet and check my email.... THATS IT! It was RIDICULOUS! I seriously timed it just to prove my point, and from the time I turned it on to the time it was ready to actually use it took 15 MINUTES!! Now I am not one of these young kids who think if things don't happen in a blink of an eye, it is slow and I get mad. I grew up with dial up and so I am used to sitting and waiting on a computer. But this was worse than that. It would never fully load, when I typed on it, it wouldn't keep up, and it was always just turning off. Then to turn it back on, well that was quite the process that sometimes wouldn't happen that day. I am not techy in the least, I just want a computer to turn on, let me search a few things, and let my kids search a few things. I didn't think I asked that much. This computer didn't agree with me. So if you have the patience of JOB, this laptop just may be for you. If not, don't waste your time."
1795,"This is my first Dell and I’ve called customer service twice for minor issues and they really go the extra mile, I’ve never experienced such great customer service before. Before purchasing my Dell laptop, I read about their renowned customer service and now I know it’s the real deal. My only complaint is the lackluster black generic case, miss having a shiny case; otherwise superb product."
1796,"This laptop was a Christmas gift for my wife.  It powered up and the setup was done without issue.  We used it for a day, doing web-based apps and even watched some YouTube videos with no issues.  We used it again a couple of days later, but the performance was very poor.  Screens would hang and freeze for extending periods.  It was unusable.  We powered down and closed the device.  We were out of town and returned home a week later.  It powered up and was useable for a little while (an hour or two), then again became slow.  When typing a word, each letter would take several seconds to complete.  It was extremely frustrating and disappointing so we have returned it."
1797,"Out of the box it was slow to start up and even slower to open any app. I spent days researching how to speed it up and still failed to get it to work. Issue others have with this model is for some reason, even with 16GB or more of Ram, it still has high CPU and high Disk use ongoing. Even when not doing anything. Activity monitor show this clearly. Worst part was I could not fix after a week(am pretty PC knowledgable), I contacted Dell and they finally concluded it must be a software issue and not hardware so I would have to pay them $99 to have tech help fix.Very let down since my first PC ever was a Dell XPS series that was awesome and lasted me 6 years.  It's a brand new PC and I have to pay to fix it. I thought he was joking. So I sent it back and ordered Macbook Pro."
1798,"Computer was ordered with both SSD and HDD drives. The operating system was installed on the SSD while the HDD was unformatted and could not be seen by Windows 10. I am glad I was savvy enough to use utilities to see if the HDD was indeed installed, otherwise I would have had to return to the vendor and pay the return shipping fees (UPS would have been $34). If I had sent this to my wife or other family members, they sure would have returned the computer for not having the purchased second drive (HDD)."
1799,"My new job as a department head for a city means I need to work almost anywhere on any given day - my office, a conference room, a public event, out in the Industrial Park or out of town. I have used this laptop for 60 days now in my car, my office, at the fire department, out in the desert at a solar farm and in three different cities. It just works everywhere and every time I need it. It connects instantly to my office wifi and my portable cellular signal hotspot every single time.The touchscreen is responsive and easy to use in tablet form or as a regular laptop. The ability to convert to a tablet has been immensely useful on the go for me - I bought the companion pen/stylus separately to add property line markers and such on satellite photos out in the field. I fold the computer and go into tablet mode seamlessly as needed. The overall processing speed is more than enough and I haven't experienced any lag at all even with multiple files, programs and functions going at once. It runs Microsoft Office and additional photo editing software and other stuff without any drama.I drag this laptop around in a padded case in a tote bag with various files I need for the day and it's light enough that I don't feel like I'm carrying an extra 10lbs of nonsense after a 10 hour day. My only real complaint is that the fingerprint reader is not always easy to use or fully functional. I have actually just quit messing with it entirely and instead use a 6 digit pin number to unlock the computer. It's been a dream for Zoom connections both in my office and on the go with the wifi hotpot only. I'm very glad I chose this laptop instead of the Surface or something different."
1800,This laptop was the best deal of Christmas 2020!! It's an amazing price for everything that comes with it! My 13 yo son uses it primarily for gaming and has only good things to say. Buy this!! You won't be disappointed!
1801,"The last laptop I bought - a Lenovo - had an optical drive. So nearly a decade old. But it was a total workhorse for work and home use. And needed replacement.After *lots* of reading and research I landed on the Samsung Galaxy Book Pro, in no small no part because my Samsung Galaxy 10+ phone has done so well.Also? This was in stock! Several others I looked at were either out when I started looking, or went to backorder while I was on the hunt. And the Amazon 5-payment plan was a little kinder on my budget.Screen is incredible. Backlit keyboard. RAM is nearly triple what my old machine had (16gb v 6), so using Photoshop now is no big deal while I'm using several other apps simultaneously. It sure used to be. And it takes about a second - yep - once you flip the screen open to wake.Downside? It's *very* thin and *very* light compared to my old machine, so that's taken some getting used to. I need to hold it in place while I open the screen. And right now it actually sits ON the old one when I'm working. But it's still new yet.Looks like it's a bit more expensive now ( I paid about $1100) but I think still a deal for what you'll be getting, esp if you haven't upgraded in a while as was my case.Highly recommend."
1802,Super fast laptop.The screen is beautiful. I love the light weight.Nice packing.Best laptop I've ever won.The sould quality is amazing for this thin laptop. (You will have to go to the sound setting and press the advance speaker quality to activate the best sound possible)
1803,This it's totally defected. I'm sending it tomorrow through UPS back to Amazon due to the fact that it will not charge. Stops at 44% and doesn't go on and it should charge in 30 minutes from what the information States. I am totally disappointed. There was no adapter in it either.
1804,"Llevo unas semanas con mi Samsung Galaxy Book Pro y estoy más que feliz con ella, porque es súper rápida, sensible y con una calidad de imagen en la pantalla super espectacular ¡Lo mejor de lo mejor! Y más siendo a ese precio."
1805,I absolutely hated windows 11 it's garbage and cost me down time trying to navigate is bs os
1806,"Having laptops provided by employer for several years, I hadn’t purchased in a while. Usually I think budget, but this time I splurged a bit and I am very happy.Super lightweight and very fast startup and waking. AMZN also providing good link for MS 365 Office"
1807,The laptop came with a faulty boot system and I had to install the Windows 11 from scratch to get it work. The laptop was unable to repair itself. It's actually a used one from the Amazon warehouse buy at least they should have warned that it might be defective.
1808,Great Sound! Easily the finest laptop audio you can ask for at this price. Screen flickering at lowering brightness and does not look sharp enough for Full HD resolution. AMOLED colors are great as usual. battery life is decent.
1809,Super fast machine. Fantastic screen resolution and color rendition. Lots of memory for manipulating big data files. Can't find anything to complain about. Writing code to do financial analysis on large Account Receivable files. The speed is amazing.
1810,"Great device, really like it. Lightweight, fast, quiet, long battery life. Best notebook I had ever!The only disadvantage found by now - camera quality is quite poor.Even my 5 years old macbook has better camera."
1811,"Just like that title says ... Nice Upgrade from my old Alienware-18 Gaming Laptop but the sound ABSOLUTELY SUCKS!. I had to buy a set of external speakers to go with it. It sounded like someone stuffed a pillow into the speakers, it is very muffled and beyond far too (fake-sounding) bassy."
1812,We are very satisfied with this computer.  It has been several years since we purchased a lap top.  So far--this has been very good to work with.  It is so much faster.  This brand came highly recommended by someone in the tech.field.  Nothing negative to say.
1813,"It took me 3-4 hours to get a new printer on my home network because of Windows 11 S. The folks at Canon were very helpful but ultimately I had to turn it over to Microsoft to setup Windows 11. Windows 11 S will only allow you to add Microsoft Apps and doesn't allow networking. I really like the Lenovo laptop but this should be a toggle to switch out of Safe mode. Microsoft prefers you use only their apps in order to avoid potential pitfalls with generic apps. Also this laptop does not have a CD/DVD Drive. I wanted to load my copy of Home and Business 2010 office but Microsoft no longer supports the app so I had to ""rent"" new Office at a initial cost of $70 a year. Screen quality is great and I really like the touch screen"
1814,Got this laptop bcuz of windows 11 while unboxing it i realised it had windows 10 safe mode sigh.
1815,Easy to setup and great design
1816,"I really like it, I use it for online teaching.  It is great, the hdmi access is so much easier."
1817,"So far I like it but as the headline states, it doesn't have windows 11 installed, only window 10 in safe mode.  Update: easily upgraded to Windows 11."
1818,Clean lines and extremely functional. Very Happy with the speed and performance. I would recommend it for the daily user.
1819,"Unfortunately,  I didn't need this item, but heard it was a great find. I was able to get my current laptop fixed"
1820,The affordable prices....
1821,Cheap maid. Did not like it for the money @!!
1822,"I had a lot of hope switching from HP to Microsoft.  I thought that getting the top of the line laptop would be faster and have longer battery life.First off the packaging feels a bit flimsy and less durable.  It's definitely lighter from the HP 360 spectre I had, but it comes at a cost.My HP spectre was 10 years old intel i7, 512 gb SSD and 8 gb of ram and was running great, but after 10 years I thought I could use an upgrade.  After setting it up I noticed that it seemed a tick slower even with 24 gb of ram.  So I tested it and found out that the HP fired up faster to the home screen by 20 secs faster!I thought I can live with that if the battery lasted longer.  Guess what?  It doesn't.  I tested it from 100% that I get about 3.75 hours of battery before I have to plug it in.  That seems crazy off of what is stated!  After 10 years my HP matches the battery life.With that said, if you're going to buy a surface for speed and battery life try the AMD processor.  I would still feel a bit skeptical to be honest.I'm truly disappointed."
1823,"The Microsoft Surface Laptop 4 15"" model is certainly an excellent laptop and an extremely credible alternative to other premium Windows-based laptops, AND MacBook Pros. My current workhorse is the 2019 16"" MacBook Pro, so let's compare the two here, despite there certainly being a price difference.1.) The aluminum chassis is stunning. It's incredibly minimalist. If you think Apple is minimalist with its MacBook line, Microsoft takes it to the next level. A solid mass of black (in this reviewer’s case), and ice cold to the touch.2.) Really lightweight at 3.4lbs, compared to 4.3lbs on the MacBook Pro 16. 2496 x 1664 (201ppi), - though not as good as on the MacBook Pro 16, (3072x1920, 226ppi), - still looks the part. Colors are not as vibrant as the MacBook Pro, only covering 75% DCI-P3 compared to 99% on the MacBook Pro, and the difference is really, really obvious. The display is certainly good, but in 2021 this isn't close to flagship. Throw in a pretty mediocre max screen brightness (380 cd/m2), this isn't great. The MacBook Pro 16"" will hit about 500cd/m2, and the difference side my side is staggering. It is a touch-screen, mind, but I’m still not convinced a touchscreen on a non-convertible laptop has tangible benefit to most users.The auto-brightness setup is very “jagged,” not a smooth fading up or down in brightness, - and I just turned this feature off as I found it very distracting.3.) The trackpad is responsive, though it’s pretty small compared to the MacBook. While I prefer the nice, physical trackpad click on the Surface, the MacBook’s trackpad allows you to “click” anywhere.4.) Port selection is really, really poor here. A single USB Type-A, a single USB Type-C, a headphone jack, and the Surface proprietary charging connector (something that really seems incredibly pointless, especially in 2021). No Thunderbolt ports of any sort here, which is a major oversight. Thankfully you can charge via the USB Type-C port so you don’t have to use the Surface proprietary port if you don’t want to.As an aside, setup of the Surface Laptop 4 is easy. Turn on, run through some initial setup, and you’re done pretty quickly. Bloatware is kept to a complete minimum, and I only found myself removing Microsoft 365 and a few other extraneous apps.5.) The keyboard is good. It’s not the best, a little spongier than the MacBook Pro 16’s, with a slower rebound, but still among the “good” keyboards on the market, - reasonably tactile. It has physical F-keys, something I wish I had on the MacBook Pro 16. I think the TouchBar is one of the worst things to happen to MacBooks (inadvertent touches are the worst!), so I hope Apple reverts to physical keys this coming year on their flagship system. Rumor has it they will.6.) Ergonomics are decent, though it’s actually a bit tricky to open the laptop as there’s no indent where you’re meant to flip the screen up, - a peculiar oversight. Bezels are a little large for 2021, but far from offensive.7.) Sound quality is not bad, but a far cry from the bass that the MacBook Pro 16 is able to generate. You could certainly listen to music here, but headphones would be preferred.8.) Battery life and thermals are absolutely fantastic, decimating the MacBook Pro for general usage, which is just a portable toaster. The laptop just runs remarkably cool with this AMD setup. That said, when the fans kick in, they kick in with a WHOOSH, which can be a bit disconcerting. Battery life is superb, easily giving me 8-11 hours for general web usage, a good 40% longer than my MacBook Pro doing the exact same things at a comparable brightness.  9.) The SSD is nothing too special. While yes, any SSD is faster than not-an-SSD, this is on the lower end of the spectrum in terms of NVMe performance.Overall, I really enjoy the Surface Laptop 4, but it’s not hard to see where Microsoft could make some massive improvements and solidify the Surface line as THE Windows 10 systems to buy.4 out of 5. A worthy alternative to high-end laptops, but not yet at the top of its game."
1824,I've been using and HP laptop for a few years now and it has become a bit sluggish.  The Surface Laptop 4 is lighting fast in comparison.  The graphics are great for what I do and I can't complain really.
1825,"I'm buying Surface Laptops almost every year because my sister and girlfriend are ""borrowing"" these laptops from me and never return them :D . The keyboard and the overall feelings are soooo good that no one wants to stop using these machines. And the 4th generation with AMD Ryzen processor is great for battery life, I was using Intel versions Laptop 2 and Laptop 3, and they are powerful, but Ryzen is very energy efficient and I can just charge the laptop before going to the office and I can work on it whole day and also I can watch a movie before I will need to charge the Laptop, it's great."
1826,Doesn't have a SD CARD READER! A COUPLE OF MONTHS  IN and it's already crapping out! I cannot recommend this
1827,"Purchased for our grandson on starting college in August. It was an immediate hit for him. Plus Microsoft protected it with exceptional packing, This saved the laptop from being destroyed by the careless packing by the shipper. Every corner of the Microsoft box was dented or crushed. There was no protective badding at all to stop the laptop box from banging around in the flimsy shipper box. What an outstanding job Microsoft. Fire your shipper. This company should be punished!"
1828,"Sad that upgrading memory is not a option.Included SSD does need replaced with a butter won.I have nerve damage and some surfaces of laptops hurt my fingers way more than others,this has been the most kind to me so far."
1829,This is my third Surface and I’m really pleased. The first lasted me 5 years and I loved it. The second I took from my son after he left for college and got a new computer that suited his needs more. But because he kind of abused it it didn’t last long. So far I’m loving this one! The battery life is solid but like any laptop watch too many videos or use too much processing power and the battery life goes down. The touch screen is much improved over previous models. The one downside for my needs is no slot for a SD or mini SD card. There’s only one USB port and one USB C port so you really need a hub.
1830,I'm homebound for ~6 months with 2 broken ankles; the sporadic function of the Chromebook I had was driving me nuts trying to get anything done or keep myself entertained while stuck at home.  Bought the Surface after my positive experiences with the one I am supplied with for work and now I am able to get stuff done all day without freeze-ups and rebooting every 12-24 hours.  And the configuration options available were mind blowing...it took a bit to decide what it was I actually needed on the unit verses the cost of paying for ALL the options.
1831,"This laptop is great! The 15 inch touch screen made teaching on my surface pro feel like I was using a toy BUT it keeps freezing mid class. On my first day of class it froze after a few hours and I could not even Ctrl-Alt-Delete. So i just switched to my pro to finish the class. When I went back to it everything seemed fine so I persisted. On day two it froze within the first hour. I closed the lid and re-opened it and it froze 15 mins later and I was done. Maybe I received a faulty mechine. I will buy it again, because of how much I love it, unless Macs start including touchscreens."
1832,"I could sit here and write all about the specs on this computer, but they are already in the description, and If you are like me... you don't really understand it anyways.So I am going to tell you what I LOVE about this computer and what I use it for. I am a full time college student as well as a single mother who stays busy. I have previously used a HP All In one computer that I bought brand new a year ago and I hate that thing... It is so slow!!! When I first opened this item, I was just hoping that it would be a little faster! What I got instead was an amazing computer that is faster than I could have ever imagined. Now I don't use this thing for much more than amazon reviews, school work, and papers. But this is exactly what I needed.It navigated quickly between web pages, my Microsoft word programs opens instantly and doesn't take forever to load like my HP does. The picture of this monitor is just beautiful. Everything is so clear. I love that the keyboard has a back light so I can see the keys if I need to take a look at them while I am typing, but the back lights go away after a few seconds, so if you are watching a movie, the lit up key board will not bother you.This computer is so light weight and easy to carry. I love the sleek design of it as well. This would be a great computer for anyone who just needs a basic computer for the internet or spreadsheets. I would feel at ease taking this computer with me to college or sending it off to college with my children, and I wouldn't worry if they had the ability to complete their assignments in school. I am so so so happy with this product!"
1833,"This is the best laptop deal you can get, full stop.Touchescreen? Nope. That feature is stupid in a laptop, in my view. As you use the keyboard, incidental touche s of the screen change focus or move to different screens--touchscreen is a gimmick and sucks.The screen on this laptop is worth the price by itself. Gorgeous, black is actually black, it rivals my AOC gaming desktop monitor.The Ryzen chip inside can be overclosked if you feel like it, but it is not needed. It is plenty fast for a laptop.This is set up to add memory and a hard drive. Do so. I spent an additional $50 to add a 1tb drive and an 8gig memory stick.  In so doing, I have the same specs as a $700 consumer laptop.Gaming? I stream from my desktop, it's perfect. It won't run any modern games at more than low settings (if that) but you don't need to run them onboard if you have a gaming machine. DO NOT BUY THIS TO PLAY GAMES ONBOARD. Stream via Steam, it's perfect.Buy this for $300, spend an additional $50 or $100 on memory and storage, and sit back and realize that you got a premier laptop for 1/3 the money people are spending on nothing.Build quality is bomber. Eveything is solid, no rattles, no warps. Others have ripped on the touchpad--can't tell the difference between this and any other laptop touchpad. It isn't loose, responds as usual, no problem.The screen is GORGEOUS and much better than laptops at twice or three times the price.I actually like the compressed number pad on the right. If you aren't doing a lot of 10-key stuff, it's what you need.The keyboard backlight stays on while you're typing, shuts off when you aren't. Perfectly configured.This boots in about 15 seconds.It has some heft, but is still very light. Hard to describe, but you can carry this all day in your backpack and not even know it is there. The power brick is about the size of a Toblerone tube. I plan on buying an extra to travel with.This will work as a consumer laptop as is, like I said, but add some memory and a hard drive and you are CRUSHING.I can't sing the praises of this enough.Buy this, add a drive and a memory stick and you get a premier laptop for less than $400. And you get a better screen, too. And anyone can do that, it isn't tough at all. If you can turn a screwdriver, you can update this machine.Make sure to go in and turn S mode off. First, activate Windows, then go to the store and turn off S mode.This is much better than what other companies are offering as a budget laptop."
1834,"A very reasonably priced laptop for basic computing needs. The specs that stick out to me for describing this as ""basic needs"" is 4GB of RAM, and 128GB M.2 SSD. Both are at the bare minimum in today's needs. Cell phones now come with those specs( high dollar ones though..).Seems like one of the goals of this laptop is to keep an aesthetically pleasing design. Just 1 3.1 USB port and 2 2.0 USB ports are included, one headphone/mic jack, 1 slim RJ45 port, HDMI, and power input plug. No external battery.2 things that stuck out to me when I started using: screen and sound quality. The screen is very sharp and high contrast. Black is actually black. Very impressed. I was also surprised by the audio quality. I don't expect much from laptop speakers, especially low priced ones, but was pleasantly surprised on how clear the audio is.The back panel of the laptop does not have any easy access ports to swap out hard drives or RAM. Instead, you remove 10 or so Philips screws to remove the entire panel. I've already swapped out the 4GB RAM stick for an 8GB. Easy enough.The laptop includes an M.2 SSD. The pro to this is you still have the option of adding a traditional sized disk to expand your storage, without needing to worry about reinstalling an OS or attempting to clone the included drive.Almost puked when I thought I was locked-in to ""S Mode"" When I went to unlock S-mode, Windows kindly directly me to pay >$100 to purchase a license! I was furious thinking this was some new scheme to sell laptops without a full legitimate Windows license and instead lock you into a Microsoft only app store. I forget the exact steps I took, but somewhere I found that there was an error in activating my Windows license, and I had to click a troubleshoot button, then it magically worked and got me out of S mode. Disaster averted.A couple of things that annoy me:-The touchpad feels a little loose to me. Just gently touching it causes it to move and you can hear a plastic on plastic sound, its distracting...-The keyboard backlight turns off after a set amount of time, you must press a key for it to illuminate again. Moving the mouse/touchpad does not cause the keys to light up. You must touch a key. I see the is a BIOS option for disabling the timeout. I've disabled it but it appears to have no effect. It still turns off.-The slim-line RJ45 port seems messed up... I pull the flap down and it does not open far enough to insert a connector. I will probably never use it.. but what gives?"
1835,"A few months after the purchase....It is still running good and I bought 5 more for my colleagues, so I bought all together 8 machines.  My of my colleagues need more memory while some need less.  So what I do is, for those who need more, I took the 4GB RAM out from their machine and put it in the machine of the colleague who needs less.  So 1 machine got 2x4G running in dual channel with identical RAM and install a new 2x8G for the original machine.  To be honest, difference for 4 to 8 is high, but little difference from 8 to 16.  So those in a tight budget can save your money._____________________This laptop is great.  For this price, there is nothing to complain.I use this for basic computer needs at home.  What I will do with is just Office, surfing, youtube, netflix.  This computer handles it really well, all very smoothly.What I like most is the screen.  It is IPS.  At this price point (310 for me), most laptops are bundled with TN display, which be honestly is a deal breaker.  The screen here is gorgeous.  I do not see much difference to my gaming laptop which cost me thrice.  Sound is good, keyboard design average.  I don't like the small num pad.  Some people complained on the backlight, but I don't need this function.  But the num lock indicator, however, is important but wasn't there.On the spec, there is just 4G of RAM.  You can, however, upgrade it easily.  There are 10 screws at of back.  Open it and you can add another slot of RAM and another HDD.  My recommendation, upgrade to 8 or 16G and add another SDD drive immediately after the setup is done as 128G storage will not be enough.  For gaming, I am yet to test it, but at 310, don't expect anything.Ar..  the Windows S issue, google Windows S Switch and you will know how to change it back to Windows 10 Home.  It is just a few clicks and a few minutes.  Everyone can do it.After all, a great computer.  My family members ordered 2 when they see mine.  Highly recommend."
1836,BUYER BE AWARE: This computer has Microsoft 10S. This is scam software by Microsoft to force you to use only Microsoft apps from their deserted island wasteland of an app store. The computer will not allow you to do anything else. You can upgrade to a full version of Microsoft 10... for another $134. Hard pass. STAY AWAY from ALL computers with Microsoft 10S!! Absolute garbage software.
1837,"I got this for my ten year old son because it's a great laptop for kids. It has a solid state hard drive which means there's no moving parts and it can take more abuse. In other words I'm not going to worry when my son throws this into his backpack. It's also pretty lightweight and portable.I was, however, a little on the fence about S mode. So what is this? It's a locked down version of Windows 10. It is somewhat limiting in that you can't just run any program you want, it has to be a program solely from the windows store. For example, you have to use Bing as your search engine. You have to use Microsoft Edge as your web browser. For those who are interested in programming, you can't use command-line shells. Pretty limiting right? But the advantage is that the laptop is safer from viruses and malware since there is so much control over what programs can be used. It's very stable and ""safe."" If it tells you anything, Microsoft markets S-mode laptops to schools because of this safety and stability. Now you can easily scrap the S mode at anytime, but once you leave S mode you can't come back.Other things of note: Upon startup the default settings really lets Microsoft snoop on every little thing you do. I had to disable much of this. If you are handing this over to a kid, I would recommend you do the same. But otherwise, startup was very easy. Cortana talks to you and after you've answered some questions (literally, you can speak the answers) everything is set up.I did notice the speakers are very weak, but honestly I am seldom impressed with laptop speakers. That's when Bluetooth speakers come into play and you can do that easily with this. The screen is not a touch-screen which, I suppose, at this price point you can't really expect.I also saw this laptop has a night setting, which I love. Starting at 8pm, the display minimizes blue light so as not to mess with your body's sleep cycle. That, to me, was a HUGE plus!So would I recommend this? If you are a computer programmer or hope for your kid to be a computer programmer than no, absolutely not. But if you're just wanting to use a computer without necessarily knowing how the parts and software work then YES! This would be a GREAT laptop for you! I can also see this as a great tool for senior citizens as well because if how user-friendly everything is set up to be."
1838,It runs amazing
1839,"*UPDATE : The labtop completely died near end of warranty, would not charge or power up. Acer replaced motherboard, about 2 weeks turn around time.-The only down side is the 4 gb of ram. 128 nvme is AMAZING at this price, makes the labtop amazingly snappy. Reads are in 1.3-1.4 GB/s range.The display is great for the price, viewing angles are fantastic. Perfect for media consumption. Easily comparable with labtops 2-2.5 times the price. This is bar far my #1 reason for keeping the machine. speakers arent great though, have bluetooth headphones handy.I was able to put POP OS 19 on it without an issue, everything worked perfectly and its very snappy. Due to the nvme you are going to get amazing snappiness.Fully upgradable! There is a included screws to mount 2.5 drive in the box, you can switch wifi card , add another stick  of ram , or swap the M.2.Ram runs at 2400 based on platform, so dont bother with expensive stuff.  The included one is rated at 2666.Stays cool since its a small chip. Fan isnt loud at 100%.Battery life lasts about 3-3.5 hours underload with brightness at 40%.I was able to run dawn of war ii and a few other older games at medium 1080P at half decent frame rates on linux, older games forsure though.Keyboard is good  , much better than idealpad3XX and swift3. I've seen much worst on  much  more expensive devices.I actually really like the aluminium cover, makes the device look premium.This is great machine to consume videos and do light typing without being frustrated by cost or the performance, A+ Acer for putting every dollar where it makes the user experience pleasant ."
1840,"The Acer 5 slim is sleek, beautiful, durable, lightweight, lightning fast (when upgraded to 16gb of ram), and has a ridiculously low price tag. It probably wouldn't be of much use for gaming or CAD, but for basic web browsing, office use, and video streaming, it will do well. I have added some pictures next to a macbook air for size comparison. The screen is bright and beautiful, offering 1080p resolution. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the keyboard lights up! I plan to use this laptop mainly to stream business news, news tickers, and follow several stocks on multiple tabs. For this reason, I knew the RAM upgrade would be necessary. This PC would likely be quite slow if you chose to keep the 4GB of RAM, as 2GB is shared memory. I would recommend at the very least adding another 4GB stick, as there is a slot available and a 4GB stick is quite cheap. I decided to add a second hard drive as well, 128GB is not much, if I recall correctly, only 98GB was available, and that was before any Windows updates!I spent an extra $116 on the following upgrades:Teamgroup 16GB (8GBx2) - 2666MHz , DDR4 Dual-channel laptop memory, and a Kingston 480GB A400 SATA 3 2.5"" Internal SSD hard drive. The fact that Acer made this laptop with 2 memory slots and a spot for a second harddrive is part of the reason this laptop has been a bestseller for so long. Without these options I wouldn't have considered purchasing it. I have included pictures of the laptop with the back cover removed, at various stages of adding the Kingston 2.5"" SATA harddrive. It is an incredibly easy procedure, but I thought some may benefit from the photos. A bag of screws to secure the harddrive actually came with the laptop, which I included it in one of the photos. Replacing the memory is straightforward. To remove the back panel to access the internals, you simply remove 10 phillips screws.After installing the second hard drive, you will probably need to head over to disk management to partition the new drive. Be very careful with this step, as you can really mess your computer up & delete data, if you click on the wrong things! I haven't installed a second hard drive in ages, I expected windows to gind the drive after the installation, but that wasn't the case for me!This PC includes Microsoft Windows 10 in S mode. I suppose some people will be ok with this mode, as it enhances security and performance by only allowing programs available in the Microsoft Store. The vast majority of us however, will want to switch out of this mode ASAP. Fortunately switching modes is a very simple procedure. Here is the process:Go to Settings  > Update & Security  > Activation.In the Switch to Windows 10 Home section, select Go to the Store. There is also an ""upgrade your edition of Windows"" section on the screen during this step, do NOT click the ""Go to the Store"" link below that!On the Switch out of S mode page that appears in the Microsoft Store, select the Get button.Congratulations! Your new computer now has Microsoft windows 10 home, without the restrictions of S mode!Bottom line - this laptop is an absolute bargain! I hope you found this review helpful, if so, please kindly click the ""helpful"" button! Thank you!"
1841,"I bought this laptop for its weight and that's about the only thing positive I can say about it.The processing power is not very strong, so performance-wise, I was not impressed. But with the pricetag considered, I'm all right with this.However, the biggest thing for me is the OS- WINDOWS 10-IN S MODE.I had never heard of S Mode, and I didn't notice this when I bought the laptop.Apparently, S Mode is Microsoft's way of ensuring that you only use their apps and products by blocking you from downloading any outside apps. You have to get them all through their store. So, for example, were I to try to download Norton's anti-virus from Norton's official site, Microsoft's S Mode would tell me that I am unable. Any and all files outside of their store are blocked from being downloaded.In order to leave S Mode, you have to change it in the settings, but then you have to use a registration key for Windows 10 Home or Pro. So I shelled out another $130 just to get a fully functioning OS. Factor that price into this laptop price. THEN- after purchasing Windows 10 Home, I had to keep trying over the course of 4 days for the laptop to accept me switching out of S Mode because Microsoft was conveniently having server errors on their side and so my request could not be processed at this time. This is a common issue, at least from what I read among those discussing S Mode on Reddit forums. Multiple people report that Microsoft has server issues when you try to opt out of S Mode.Very very unhappy with this laptop for the sole reason that the OS is Windows 10 in S Mode. It was inconvenient and one of the most useless things I have ever seen pre-installed on a computer. Created a major and unnecessary headache for me."
1842,"I was hesitant getting a Chromebook as I was concerned I'd miss being able to install windows programs, but so far I am really impressed with this. It was very quick to setup and easy to sync all of my Google account info. Having the ability to install Google apps is great. It's lightweight, runs fast, and seems to have a long lasting battery.As far as shipping it came packaged really well and the condition is 9/10 with only a slight smudge on the top of lid."
1843,Did not come with a charger
1844,5 months is all this piece of crap lasted! Conveniently past the 90 warranty window.  I called the 3rd party seller and had a mini argument about their company standing behind their products...  He told he that I would have to take this into a repair shop to have a new microphone and camera installed.  I told him that I knew that this would cost more than the laptop itself.  It said it would be around $40.  Well guess what the report shop said.  Exactly what I knew from the beninging...it would cost $300 plus the laptop would never function the same.  DO NOT BUY!!  Save yourself the waste of money....  buy new and not from a 3rd party seller
1845,I have no cell phone to get instruction s - this is not a laptop  - the keys are different and I have no idea how to use this -  I can barely hear it -  it takes forever just to load facebook -  it constantly buffers -  I see why it was discounted  -  junk.
1846,I have another chromebook but it has an 11 inch screen.  I was surprised that this one with a 14inch screen has better battery life.  Mostly I am browsing internet so I don't need all of the slowness and problems associated with Windows 10.
1847,"Exactly as described. Havent tried the touch screen yet because I keep forgetting it's an option. The chromebook is definitely different then I'm used to, but it has been an easy transition."
1848,"I need Bluetooth for some things.  This unit will not run Bluetooth without completely taking away all my bandwidth for wifi.  I get 12M down but fire up Bluetooth and I drop to 1m or less.  So tube videos are  impossible to watch.  Even listening to just music via BT although not as drastic will still cause the audio to stutter/stop and start.The next thing is the wifi range is not as good as all my devices...  50 ft and the transfer rate down is a 1/3rd down...  <>8M....  All my devices run above 11M...  So sadly I am returning the unit.The BT issue has been known about for quite a while.  I would not have thought there would be any problem with BT...My Mac, PC win 10 laptop runs BT just fine an there is absolutely no bandwidth traffic!I borrowed a friends older Lenovo chromebook and it demonstrates the same thing.  His wifi speed was good.Jim"
1849,"So the laptop is very portable,  easy to use, and pretty fast. The problem is I bought this as a Christmas gift, so didn't open or test it when I got it. After opening it we found that the webcam doesn't work. We tried ever solution we could find online but nothing worked. I tried to contact the seller and they we next to useless just telling me to refresh it, then never replying again. So I ended up having to but another laptop for zoom meetings for school. If you can I'd at the very least avoid this seller."
1850,14 inch is a great size if you want something medium size. Very light weight and easy to use. Usbc cord is great so all of the devices that I own use the same charger. I got this for under 200 and it was well worth it if you need something to type and simple web browsing. My only wish was that this was touch screen and I didn't realized I needed touch screen at the time...
1851,DO NOT ORDER THIS!!! I ordered something this and got a lower grade of Chrome book(N22 which is worth less than half the price of the laptop in the display).
1852,"I've only had it about a week, and it has been constant troubleshooting.  When it works, I like the keyboard, the display is crisp and it boots up fast and switches tasks quickly.  But things didn't (and some still don't) work out of the box, and there is too much spamware installed.The right click on the touchpad did not function out of the box.  I researched a bit, couldn't find a good solution, but after I did a BIOS update for a different problem it seems to work now, although with a fiddly two finger gesture instead of just one finger clicking in the bottom right like every other laptop I've got.  It is a dice roll whether it registers both fingers or not, so you might get the right click menu, you might just open links or jump to somewhere else in the program and then have to get back and try again.  I'm guessing I'd get used to this.You do get Windows pre-installed.  The license key is a bit hard to find in case you need/want to reinstall it, but you can find it in the BIOS.  It boots real fast, so it is tricky to get to the BIOS menu.  Windows also doesn't seem to actually shut down, so when you open up the lid, it is already past the BIOS prompt (with the default settings).  Microsoft requires a Microsoft account to even use the computer, which isn't Lenovo's fault, but annoying.  Lenovo comes with ""helpful"" admin tools to update firmware and the BIOS, but you have to set up a Lenovo account to do so.  That is a pain, and I exited out, only to see that I've got an email verifying my Lenovo account, apparently populating it with info from the Microsoft account that I just set up.  I don't want to be paranoid, but Microsoft had me set up an account and five minutes later my information is being used to set up other accounts.  Not a good look for either side - how am I supposed to trust anything I do on this laptop?But even worse is the Lenovo software is like continuously being asked about your car's extended warranty, warning you about all the bad things that will happen and upselling you on better support.  How many people are buying a $500 laptop and needing on-site replacement services?The biggest problem by far is that I still don't know what the USB-C port does.  I initially set it up using my docking station.  USB-C charging didn't work.  It didn't recognize a second display.  It did recognize the ethernet connection and mouse and keyboard.  Reading up, it looks like it is fiddly with exactly which docking stations it will talk to.  I'm currently leaving one job, starting another, and for . . . reasons . . . , I currently have 5 daily use laptops, all of which work flawlessly with a ""high end"" Dell docking station.  I also have a ton of cheap ones from the last year hooking up school Chromebooks to various monitors.  None of them work with this Lenovo.  It will recognize the second display if I plug in the HDMI cable directly.  I have also tried any number of adapters to plug into the USB-C port - from Chromebooks, from a MacBookPro, from a dedicated USB charging hub that far exceeds the power requirements - no luck.  It doesn't recognize any of them to charge.  It does have a second charging port with a dedicated, proprietary connector which works well enough, but the brick that plugs to the wall is large and the cord is short-ish and the charging port is on one side of the machine only, which limits where I can actually use it.Speaking of which, the battery is nowhere near the 8.5 hours advertised.  More like 4, with the settings out of the box.  That is enough for me, but I had 75% charge left, suspended the computer and closed the lid, and it was completely empty 6 hours later.  I'm not sure you could be doing anything less with the computer, and it still drained the battery pretty quickly.  I've played with disabling some BIOS settings but don't see a huge difference.  If I don't have it plugged in overnight, it is dead in the morning.Other than that, no problems :)  I actually like the computer when it is running, it is much better than the one I am replacing, performance-wise.  But things did not work out of the box, and having a half-baked USB-C port that doesn't charge is probably a deal breaker for me.  I'm waiting on another docking station that has been reported to work well with this laptop before throwing away the days of configuration and returning it.  Who knows, maybe I just got a bum USB port and it does work out of the box for everyone else."
1853,"This is my second Lenovo and I wouldn't have bought another one if the first wasn't a gem. The touchscreen can be very handy if you aren't a touchpad user (which I'm not) and you don't have space to use a mouse (such as on a plane). The only drawback on this particular model is no backlit keyboard.  Otherwise,  I give it 5 stars."
1854,"I'm delighted with my new computer.... The only issue is that the fingerprint sensor isn't working, but everything is cool and despite the computer is made from plastic, it feels very classy."
1855,very good home type computer
1856,"WiFi died and even a complete software reset would not fix it, clearly a hardware issue. I am having to not only pay this seller to return it they are going to charge me a 20% restocking fee because I threw the box away THE DAY BEFORE IT DIED!"
1857,"According to the Yale School of Management, Lenovo continues to pursue business interests in the Russian Federation even though scores of other reputable companies have withdrawn from the country."
1858,"I bought this laptop for scientific computing, and I was waiting for one with an 8-core processor for parallelized computations. When I saw a Ryzen 8-core processor, 32 GB RAM, and the price, ~$900 before tax, it ticked. This HP-Ryzen laptop exceeded my expectations in speed and energy efficiency. I ran a benchmark test of Wolfram Mathematica (the software I use for computations) and the results were far above all other computers listed there for comparison. At the same time, the laptop does not consume much energy, its power adapted is small. I run a parallelized computation using all 8 cores for hours and the laptop's body is only a little bit warm. I do not hear any sound of the fan. This is a huge step forward in comparison to my previous laptops with Intel i7 processors that consumed a lot of energy and were getting hot even in the idling regime.On the other hand, it is apparently not a gaming laptop as it has an AMD Radeon graphics card, no expensive Nvidia that I don't need. Comparable gaming laptops (8 cores) on Amazon cost twice as much.I haven't found any serious drawbacks yet. A small drawback is that the keyboard is not illuminated from within, the body of this laptop and its keys are gray, while inscriptions on the keys are not white but grayish. With low light, you don't see them well, and you cannot work at night without a light. The keyboard is much better visible on my preceding Dell Inspiron laptop (Intel i5, also energy efficient and overall good) that has a black surface and keys, white key inscriptions, and keyboard illumination."
1859,"great update from my 10 yr old lenovo t430.it is light and super fast, sturdy built and i like the touch.setup was easy and upgraded to win 11 in no time. fabulous interface. like the new windows!very happy with the purcahse."
1860,Overall performance of the laptop is good. I primarily bought it for educational purposes and it definitely meets my needs.
1861,It never worked as it should it seemed to be reconditioned
1862,"I use the laptop for PowerPoints, projection, Xcel, etc.  Utilize it on a network and it hooked right up and worked great.  Not a single complaint.  Love it!"
1863,My people say it works great!
1864,"Mic doesn't pick up well when speaker is off or at edge of camera, but it is faster than the Ryzen 5 I murdered, lighter weight, too. I thought I would miss my 17in screen, but 15in is okay since the resolution is good."
1865,"This is a long review.  To summarize, you get what you pay for and then some.  This is a very usable package at a bargain price.  Nothing is top-of-the-line, but you will get a nice, compact machine for web-based activity.This is my first Chromebook.  Previously I have used Macs and laptops from Toshiba and Lenovo.  I decided to go with a Chromebook because I mostly email, browse pages, Zoom, and watch Youtube.  Anything I need to do document-wise can be covered by Google.  The compactness and long battery life is a big plus.  I'm tired of big, heavy laptops wearing holes in my bags.This Chromebook weighs 2-1/4 .lbs, which is excellent.  It is about the size of a magazine, so I would not hestitate to take it anywhere.  The body is plastic, which is durable and easy to keep clean.  It's not as nice as metal, but it is generally solid.  The bottom panel is a teeny bit loose, but that is a nitpick.Battery life is as advertised.  Depending what you do you get around 10 hours or more, which is more than double any laptop I have used.The screen opens to 135 degrees (or 45 degrees against the tabletop).  I was disappointed it did not open to a full 180, but I can work with it.  Screen brightness is listed at 220 nits (on the low end), but don't let that deter you; it is as bright as my 8 year old Macbook and my Lenovo laptop assigned by work. For indoor use, it works just fine.  If you work outside, you will have to find shade.  The display quality is not the best, but perfectly useable.  It is an IPS display, which provides better viewing angles and color rendition.  The 11.6"" screen is enough real estate for watching videos and reading the news.  I can type this review and read my email side by side.  This is also a touch screen, which seems to work fine in my limited experience.  When laying down with the Chromebook on my chest, it's nice to just browse using the touchscreen.  I have downloaded a few Android games, and they work great on the touchscreen.  IMO spend more for the touch screen if you want to use Android apps.The keyboard is a comfortable size.  I am typing efficiently without making lots of mistakes.  Most of the keys are where you expect them to be.  The specialized Chrome keys don't interfere.  The keys themselves have a nice, positive response.  Equally responsive is the trackpad, which comes with a full repertoire of gestures for scrolling, zooming, and viewing apps.  One thing I noticed is you can only physically click on the botton half of the touchpad, but I usually tap to click.The on-board speakers are a nice surprise.  They are loud and clear.  An audiophile might find them slightly tinny, but I can listen to music for hours using just these speakers.  There is minimal distortion when I crank the volume up to max. Of course, there is a headphone jack and bluetooth capability.32 gigs of memory may be challenged if you install a lot of apps.  The Chrome System takes up about 13 GB on its own. I have inserted a 128 GB Micro SD card, which can be used as storage for Android apps that support it.  For example, I can download music from Youtube Music to my SD card.  Documents from the Text editor and Camera app can be directed to the SD card as well.Regarding the processor, I don't do anything that has taxed this system yet.  I usually only have a couple of tabs and apps open, and I play a few games.  Keep in mind this is the same processor on the almost universally lauded Lenovo Duet Chromebook, so it is no slouch.The 720p webcam is adquate for web conferencing, taking snapshots or recording videos.  It's a little grainy with indoor lighting.  People seem to hear me fine using the internal microphone, but works best if you are sitting right in front of the computer.  The mic input can be adjusted if you expand the volume options in the wifi/battery/time options.One last cool thing is you can charge this Chromebook with a phone charger (with the right cable).  It is slow, and must be done while the Chromebook is not in use.  I was able to get 15% per hour using a basic phone charger.  It might be nice if you are traveling and don't need to lug around the clunky power supply that comes with this Chromebook.Overall, I am happy with my purchase. This is a nice value package that delivers."
1866,"I first want to say that mechanically this laptop worked great. The company that sent it also sent it very fast, arriving ahead of the projected date. Now that positivity is out of the way, why am i returning it?Say what you want about me, but i didn't realize that this device used a different OS. I originally wanted an affordable laptop for some word processing. Chrome OS does not allow you to do this. Functionally it could,  but it designed to be an internet browser and little else. Do you have a phone? Well, your phone is capable of everything this device can do and more. Why would anyone need a laptop with less functionality than a phone?Many software programs support a variety of operating systems. They do not currently work with Chrome OS. You cannot even attempt to download them. I have heard that you can download apps (not that i was able to experience this for myself), but that will be the only downloading of programs that you might have access to.This now leads to my final gripe, the device is basically online only.A browser cannot function without internet, so it is with this device. It seems to be so dependent on this that it actually bugged out when i tried to delete the only wifi connection it had. (which reminds me, there is no way that you can factory reset this device. There is no option to do so, take that as you will.) When you first start up this device, it will force you to connect to the internet. You can skip putting in you Google account info, but it will not allow you to proceed without internet.Tldr: Don't get anything with Chrome OS. Your phone is capable of so much more than this ever will be."
1867,"This is a great Chromebook for a middle to highschooler. It has a real long battery life charges quickly, and maintains a strong wireless signal. The touchscreen is very responsive and we haven’t had any problems with it at all. It has a very comfortable keyboard."
1868,"I only use a computer for personal stuff, e-mails, facebook, random stuff., a zoom meeting once a week. I'm 72 and needed a lighter, smaller one than my dinosaur of a laptop. This fits the bill perfectly. It weighs less than the average book, it has a very long battery life, its size and weight makes it easily portable, and I can have it outside on the deck for hours without losing power. I love the touchscreen, and it was not hard converting to the Chrome OS from Windows. The only thing this didn't offer was a backlit keyboard, but since It's white, w/white keyboard, It's not hard to see even in dim light. So easy to use and carry, and easily contains everything my old computer had downloaded--and that's a lot!  I Love It!"
1869,"It's very important to note, this is a Chromebook NOT a full-sized laptop, so this may be much smaller than expected.Personally, I love this Chromebook, size and all. It works great and has a pretty decent quality. No issues with so far with charging, battery life, crashing, etc. I would only hope for a better sound quality, as it doesn't get very loud at all. Plenty of storage space for me as well, as I use it for crafting (Design Space app, emails, saving photos, etc.) I would also recommend this for those looking for something small with a keyboard for school use."
1870,"This is perfect for what I need. I  am a writer and have been writing on a kindle tablet, and it was just too small."
1871,"I like the Chromebook, but it restarts itself every day on its own. I've had it for less than a month. I believe the MicroSD card slot is too close to the power cord slot. I leverage my thumb on the side of the Chromebook to pull the power cord out (the spot where the MicroSD card slot is) so I end up uninstalling the card. No, there's no other way to carefully remove the power cord. I've had several Chromebooks and never had issues until this one."
1872,"I didn't realize how small it was however it's a nice laptop,the screen did go black for a full day, it was charged an everything,for some weird reason it came back on, that's the only issue I've had with it"
1873,"Make sure you read the fine print. I received my chromebook. The package it was in was already opened. A little annoyed I paid for a new one and got a used one but it looked ok. Plug it in to start using it and check it out. Kept saying it was charging. Unplugged it the next day only for it to cut righty back off and say it was dead. I tried another chromebook charger and the same thing happened. So I decided to get some support. Amazon was nice but made me try all the things I already did. After nothing worked, again. They told me to contact the seller, there was nothing else they could do to help me. I reached out to the seller and got no reply. And apparently I can’t return it. For any reason whatsoever. So now I have a cr*p laptop that I just wasted $ on that I guess I’ll now have to pay to take somewhere to fix it. So annoyed and disappointed. I haven’t even had it a few days and can’t even return for a replacement or to get my money back. Cool cool cool. Thanks"
1874,"If my labtop goes to sleep, when I try to use it from sleep the screen is split.  The botton half is on top and the top part is on the bottom.  And nothing can be done to fix this other than logging out and shutting down and restarting the computer. This becomes very annoying after a while.  Also, with regularity, the notebook simply freezes and again, the only remedy is to shut down and restart. A third regret is that it is very, very slow, much slower than the 5-year old Acer Chromebook (similar price) that I am trying to replace because it's nearing 5-years old and Chrome no longer supports my Acer Chromebook with security updates.  The HP Chromebook is such poor quality that I don't use it anymore, I'm back to using my 5-year old Acer Chromebook.  I have a few more months until it's no longer supported.  I think I will try the Pixelbook Go, it seems to have good reviews and I have much higher hopes for it.  I'm so disappointed with the HP that I will never, ever consider another HP product.  Such low, laughable quality."
1875,I did not know that the Chromebook I purchased was ‘refurbished’ until I received it.  The price pd was for a new laptop. I feel cheated. I am not happy.
1876,"Its a basic Chromebook.  Nothing fancy but does exactly what I need it to do.  Internet searching, emails and can stream  amazon video.  Going to experiment with Google Docs and slides also.  For the money...I think it was a great purchase."
1877,"I was not sure I would like a Chromebook. Quick start up. Once you figure out how to work off line and navigate, it's not that different from other formats. You can easily add memory via a thumb drive or micro sd card. The only thing I can't do is a wireless connection to my printer.  Small inconvenience for the cost of the laptop. It is plenty fast for office apps and the internet with the battery lasting all day. Thumbs up."
1878,"The  HP Chromebook is an excellent multi purpose laptop. It can be used for researching online, budgeting and finances, games, music and movies. Shopping for anything needed for the entire family.Taking classes on line or for homework for students."
1879,"It looks new and is fast, has a long battery life, and is spot on what we needed.  Just a fast device that we can search the web on and project onto a television screen.  Lightweight so we can move it around easily and small so it tucks away when not in use.  Can't beat the price for this level of computer."
1880,"The laptop was purchased renewed. Be careful who you purchase from. Mine was severely compromised and infected all of my androids. I suggest to thoroughly inspect it first and if something seems out of the norm, return item immediately. Such as logging in and out. Be safe and spend a few xtra dollars on a new one if you can. I wish I would of. Just a warning. I'm sure not all of the sellers are untrustworthy but the few that are? Beware."
1881,We bought this product for my father in law as a gift.  He's a novice to say the least at technology and couldn't be more pleased with the product.  Company did a great job and it arrived two days after the purchase in a secure box and packaged to ensure no damage would take place.  I would definitely order from them again!
1882,The laptop I received is not what I expected. This laptop does not want to turn on no matter what power adapter I use. The problem is with the computer itself. It's very inconvenient and incredibly disappointing.
1883,was delivered with a user id still on it.  renewed?  No one even looked at it.  Total BS
1884,This computer does NOT have a backlit keyboard as advertised in the product description.
1885,"My only gripe is the screen itself. Has a backlight sheen, so you have the have the right angle to see colors correctly. Had to download a second party program to change gamma and brightness, but it looks better now.Has SD slot, and my first Windows 11 computer. Everything installs and works properly. A backlit keyboard would be nice, but I knew it didn’t have one when I bought it."
1886,"I just got this computer today and my first impression is: it's loud. The keys are not clicky but sort of hollow sounding, which isn't too bad. The fans turn on and off constantly and WEEEESHHHHHHHH for minutes at a time (all I've done so far is load Chrome). The worst thing for me is the touchpad makes a sound like you're dragging your finger over bad paper from grade-school chapter books. I'm autistic (and admittedly have a headache right now ((there go the fans for no reason))) and I'm extremely sensitive to noises and this fffsffssffsfsfsfsfssssssss sound is super irritating. My old HP had a nice smooth touchpad that literally made NO NOISE, why oh why would they change it? I'm already trying to duck the noise my own fingers are making, or using my other hand to cover it up to deaden the noise. I'll end up using this with headphones in a lot, which will make my husband sad...Still sitting here with the fans going, and they actually cover up the noise of the touchpad... That's not a solution.I'm sure I'll be back with more to say but this was my immediate unhappy impressionnext day update: WHY DIDN'T ANYONE MENTION THAT ####### ### ###### ######## ###### LIGHT ON THE F6 KEY ????? It comes on when you push mute,,,,which, I ALWAYS have my computer on mute. I realise I could just turn down the volume but I want to push the mute button. And now when I do, this annoying orange light comes on that's a tiny sun in a dark room, very distracting. I hate it and now have put .99 cent nail polish on my 750$ machine.FEW DAYS LATER: the nail polish is holding up, but using this thing with only WoW running on it (that's it, that's all that on it) it's like being on the moores on a windy night. Just WEeeEEEEEEEeSHHHSEeWWEEEEEEEEESssshEEEEEEEWEEEEEEEHHHHHWWSSSSSS constantly from the processors, it's high pitched and incessant.The arrow keys are weird shaped and too small (for laptop gaming purposes) but at least the entire spacebar and touchpad work which is more than I could say for the Dell I had."
1887,"I was skeptical when I ordered this because there was not a model included in the description. But I have never had an issue returning anything I have ordered through Amazon in the past so I decided to go for it.Yes, it is an HP laptop! It is actually an hp laptop model 15-ef2127wm . I ordered the one with 32GB RAM and 1 TB SSD drive. I wanted something with similar specs to my desktop pc. I have been extremely pleased with the performance!I tried to take a picture since the product information is on the bottom of the laptop. However, the font is extremely small and the black on gray isn't the best contrast so the image tends to be blurry. If I could change one thing about it I would have the keyboard backlit. I like that the cooling vent is on the top between the screen and the keyboard. I tend to play City of Heroes Homecoming for hours on end. I changed my graphics settings for the appearance over performance and this laptop never seemed to get hot even after 8 hours of gaming!I am not into VR gaming so you might check with HP on that. it will upgrade to Windows 11. I personally have not done this because my desktop pcs are not compatible and I like to have everything on the same operating system."
1888,"I've been looking for a new laptop.  This is the third one I've bought, and I'll probably end up keeping it against my better judgement just because I'm tired of looking.  My main issue is that the product listing says this is a new 2022 model.  And it comes with UDB-C data only.  None of my docking stations work with it at all.  It doesn't send video.  No charging.  It doesn't recognize etherrnet.  It doesn't recognize a mouse or keyboard or anything besides a USB storage device.  Yes, you can use the HDMI port on the laptop and that works fine.  And it has two USB A ports for a keyboard and mouse and you can hope you don't need anything else.  And you can pray you don't lose or damage the charger, because it is of course non-standard.  I move between my desk and other areas enough that plugging and unplugging all of the peripherals multiple times a day is not a good thing.This isn't the highest end laptop, but for the price missing this functionality makes no sense.  My $150 chromebooks have had this for years, as have all of my work laptops from a variety of manufacturers.You might ask why I'm on my third laptop and why I still keep making this error?  The product copy of this on Amazon doesn't mention it either way.  But, I had other questions, and found the model on other websites and the HP website, and those indicated a docking station was supported.  The previous one I returned to Amazon because it specifically said it had support and didn't.  The first one I returned somewhere else, because I saw USB-C and charging/monitors have been supported for so long, I just assumed this would work, plus one of the pictures talked about USB-C and had a picture of multiple monitors but had photoshopped all the wires out and they said after the picture was showing using the HDMI port on the laptop.This is also the reason I'm keeping it.  I look around at other similarly priced or slightly higher ones, and it is really difficult to tell if returning yet another one will make a difference - I guess I'll have to go see them in person to tell for sure.  Now, if I wanted a Chromebook, I know I could get one at 1/3 the price that supports this, but I really need a functional SSH client and X-Windows display.All of that said, the laptop is functional enough.  Fast to boot, quick to compile code, fast switching between programs, good display, above average battery life.  If only they'd tossed in a $5 part to have a real port."
1889,"Nice computer, fast, good screen, but just stopped working after 3+ weeks of light use. You can turn it off, but the hard-drive continues running in the background and you cannot turn it on again for days! Fully charged, maybe you are in luck to turn it on -but- on most days you are OUT OF LUCK! Will return for credit! Used the Amazon Return policy within the allotted time period, printed the return label and returned item with extra packaging ($21) to the seller via UPS. Item was returned to seller on 2/6/2022 confirmed by UPS tracking and I am still waiting for a full refund by seller / Amazon."
1890,"I wanted 16 GB of RAM and SSD hard drive but didn't need a ton of space.  Some of the complaints I have read are valid.  The USB-C port does not support video.  Hard to find anywhere in the description but if that's a deal breaker for you look for USB-C Thunderbolt.  There is an actual Thunderbolt beside the USB-C port.  I almost returned the unit because of the keyboard.  Although I didn't care if it was back lit (it's not), the contrast between the letters and key is not good.  I could not see the symbols in low light.  I bought a silicon keyboard cover for about 8 bucks from the Big A and now can easily see and I am more protected from spills.  For casual users this is a great unit.  It's light and I like the screen size and the 10 digit pad built in.  You want 3 screens and a ton of ports, better dig deeper into your wallet."
1891,"This laptop was not advertised as having a touchscreen and does not have one, and is the reason for not rating a touchscreen.This laptop was for my grandson to have for school work and the on-line games he likes to participate in. He loves it and from what I have seen the laptop is very responsive and will work for him through school. Additional software is needed for word processing, etc. The only thing I did not like is, when opening and turning on the laptop it immediately goes into a setup and is a not pre-installed with Windows 11 OS, with only your personal preferences and connectivity to setup. I will update this review if to the contrary in a couple of months from now. So far, I do not expect to have to do an update."
1892,"Well it worked for about 3 days before it had fatal OS issues, I have been in contact with HP since then and have ran the hardware tests a half dozen time and had to install windows 10 in order to get back to having an OS, but now the laptop cannot find a network... ""update"" returned laptop after wasting days trying to get it fixed, but hey there's a 72$ restocking fee for a garbage laptop so that's always nice."
1893,It is bowed in the middle and twangs when I type.  Computer is fast and screen is good.  Is this a genuine HP laptop?
1894,"I love everything about this HP laptop the quality, the screen, and battery life; everything is excellent! A good investment for doing university classes. Also, suitable for work/professional purposes as well."
1895,"With only minor signs of use and a first boot fatal error that required a rescue usb, after around 2 weeks of use I must say that this is the right minimum specs for a daily office work without issues. 64gb allows to install some linux apps to work, battery arrived with 96% of health in diagnosis. I don't think you can't get better specs these days for the price. Recommended"
1896,"Received in perfect condition, no sign of prior use. Chrome OS loaded normally and was updated to latest edition without issues. International delivery was surprisingly fast."
1897,The battery life wasn't good and came with a scratch on top.
1898,"Very well built and with an elegant design. Good processor, very fast. Quiet fan operation, cool keeping in palm rest area.I was surprised by the fact that it came with an ""HDD Kit"" (connectors), to expand the storage capacity with an internal HDD disk (I asked Asus and they replied that a HDD or SSD of up to 1 TB can be installed, to expand the capacity storage).Asus customer service is very good (it comes with MyAsus software that makes communication very easy); is one reason I bought this brand. Two years ago I bought an Asus 13 ""Notebook, I had a software problem with the keyboard lighting and in a few messages they guided me on how to solve it, until now I have never had problems again.I sincerely recommend this Notebook."
1899,"Light weight, great start up speed with SSD drive.  Keyboard backlighting good for dim lights but key letters hard to see in medium light.  Ability to turn off keyboard backlighting is a plus and actually makes letters easier to see in bright light."
1900,"I've been using my new ASUS VivoBook computer for over a week and have a few comments.  First, it's a great computer for those folks who like to work in the dark.  The contrast between the silver keys and the lighted characters is poor at best.  Key F7 allows four settings for the brightness of the characters, but the brightest one is still too dim. I find it easy to see the keyboard if I work in a dimmed setting.  I've owned two ASUS computers previously and both have had excellent keyboard contrast. Why did they change to a poor contrast keyboard? Without this fault I would give it a 5 star rating.This is sold as a portable computer.  At five pounds it might be better described as transportable.This computer does NOT have a touch screen as is advertised by Amazon. This is a good screen if you don't like looking at finger prints.Going to ASUS for help sends you to a ""paid-for"" tech group. This is a helluva way to provide support and ASUS should be ashamed!"
1901,"Great laptop; very fast processor (i7), good RAM memory and nice solid state drive; there is no Touch Screen so don't know why Amazon wanted a rating on it; there are 2 issues:  support is only by email (almost useless for computers) and although it says it will support 2 monitors, it will ONLY if you close the laptop's lid; video card only supports a ""TOTAL"" of 2 monitors so don't plan on using the laptop's screen if you intend to use 2 external monitors - lid must be closed for it to display on both external monitors"
1902,"Bought for my husband after his other asus only lasted 18mths. I was skeptical to say the least, but this was what he wanted. Aside from the volume being horrible, it appears to be working just fine. We’re only 2mths into it so I’m still very cautious."
1903,"In the market for a new laptop?  I've found this unit to be exceptional, compared to my older Dell Latitude.  Speed, and the 17-inch screen feels good on my aging eyes."
1904,Very happy so far--only drawback is that the speakers on this laptop don't get very loud....
1905,"This laptop is a solid, well-built device with speed, great display, and a good keyboard.  The only downside I see is the audio quality.  Not as good as I had hoped."
1906,
1907,"Very nice laptop the screen is the right size, the only downside I have is the keys can be hard to see at times"
1908,"This one has a super fast boot up time. The only issue I have so far is that the Capslock button had a light that worked when you clicked on it (so you know when it's enabled) but now it does not light up. The computer it self is pretty good. After doing so extensive research, this one was the ""worth it"" laptop that I needed. Good for school work and office work. Comes in ""windows S mode"" but its easy to switch out to a regular mode. All you need to do is install Chrome and google will tell you exactly what you need to do to switch out of the ""S"" mode. Screen quality isn't HD but you really won't notice the difference. I would have given a five star rating if it wasn't for the capslock issue. I wish they made this with a white color design.Update-  Some vibrations and crack in sound but still working good."
1909,"Very disappointed, this was advertised as touch screen then on the description it says non touch screen and it’s much smaller than described. Very disappointed."
1910,We mainly use this Computer for zoom meetings and work so it works perfectly for emails and things like that nothing special for us
1911,"I bought this laptop because I really don't need anything fancy AT ALL! It was just supposed to be for my kids when they needed to do homework, and for me to use to search a few things on the internet and check my email.... THATS IT! It was RIDICULOUS! I seriously timed it just to prove my point, and from the time I turned it on to the time it was ready to actually use it took 15 MINUTES!! Now I am not one of these young kids who think if things don't happen in a blink of an eye, it is slow and I get mad. I grew up with dial up and so I am used to sitting and waiting on a computer. But this was worse than that. It would never fully load, when I typed on it, it wouldn't keep up, and it was always just turning off. Then to turn it back on, well that was quite the process that sometimes wouldn't happen that day. I am not techy in the least, I just want a computer to turn on, let me search a few things, and let my kids search a few things. I didn't think I asked that much. This computer didn't agree with me. So if you have the patience of JOB, this laptop just may be for you. If not, don't waste your time."
1912,"This is my first Dell and I’ve called customer service twice for minor issues and they really go the extra mile, I’ve never experienced such great customer service before. Before purchasing my Dell laptop, I read about their renowned customer service and now I know it’s the real deal. My only complaint is the lackluster black generic case, miss having a shiny case; otherwise superb product."
1913,"This laptop was a Christmas gift for my wife.  It powered up and the setup was done without issue.  We used it for a day, doing web-based apps and even watched some YouTube videos with no issues.  We used it again a couple of days later, but the performance was very poor.  Screens would hang and freeze for extending periods.  It was unusable.  We powered down and closed the device.  We were out of town and returned home a week later.  It powered up and was useable for a little while (an hour or two), then again became slow.  When typing a word, each letter would take several seconds to complete.  It was extremely frustrating and disappointing so we have returned it."
1914,"Out of the box it was slow to start up and even slower to open any app. I spent days researching how to speed it up and still failed to get it to work. Issue others have with this model is for some reason, even with 16GB or more of Ram, it still has high CPU and high Disk use ongoing. Even when not doing anything. Activity monitor show this clearly. Worst part was I could not fix after a week(am pretty PC knowledgable), I contacted Dell and they finally concluded it must be a software issue and not hardware so I would have to pay them $99 to have tech help fix.Very let down since my first PC ever was a Dell XPS series that was awesome and lasted me 6 years.  It's a brand new PC and I have to pay to fix it. I thought he was joking. So I sent it back and ordered Macbook Pro."
1915,"Computer was ordered with both SSD and HDD drives. The operating system was installed on the SSD while the HDD was unformatted and could not be seen by Windows 10. I am glad I was savvy enough to use utilities to see if the HDD was indeed installed, otherwise I would have had to return to the vendor and pay the return shipping fees (UPS would have been $34). If I had sent this to my wife or other family members, they sure would have returned the computer for not having the purchased second drive (HDD)."
1916,"My new job as a department head for a city means I need to work almost anywhere on any given day - my office, a conference room, a public event, out in the Industrial Park or out of town. I have used this laptop for 60 days now in my car, my office, at the fire department, out in the desert at a solar farm and in three different cities. It just works everywhere and every time I need it. It connects instantly to my office wifi and my portable cellular signal hotspot every single time.The touchscreen is responsive and easy to use in tablet form or as a regular laptop. The ability to convert to a tablet has been immensely useful on the go for me - I bought the companion pen/stylus separately to add property line markers and such on satellite photos out in the field. I fold the computer and go into tablet mode seamlessly as needed. The overall processing speed is more than enough and I haven't experienced any lag at all even with multiple files, programs and functions going at once. It runs Microsoft Office and additional photo editing software and other stuff without any drama.I drag this laptop around in a padded case in a tote bag with various files I need for the day and it's light enough that I don't feel like I'm carrying an extra 10lbs of nonsense after a 10 hour day. My only real complaint is that the fingerprint reader is not always easy to use or fully functional. I have actually just quit messing with it entirely and instead use a 6 digit pin number to unlock the computer. It's been a dream for Zoom connections both in my office and on the go with the wifi hotpot only. I'm very glad I chose this laptop instead of the Surface or something different."
1917,This laptop was the best deal of Christmas 2020!! It's an amazing price for everything that comes with it! My 13 yo son uses it primarily for gaming and has only good things to say. Buy this!! You won't be disappointed!
1918,"The last laptop I bought - a Lenovo - had an optical drive. So nearly a decade old. But it was a total workhorse for work and home use. And needed replacement.After *lots* of reading and research I landed on the Samsung Galaxy Book Pro, in no small no part because my Samsung Galaxy 10+ phone has done so well.Also? This was in stock! Several others I looked at were either out when I started looking, or went to backorder while I was on the hunt. And the Amazon 5-payment plan was a little kinder on my budget.Screen is incredible. Backlit keyboard. RAM is nearly triple what my old machine had (16gb v 6), so using Photoshop now is no big deal while I'm using several other apps simultaneously. It sure used to be. And it takes about a second - yep - once you flip the screen open to wake.Downside? It's *very* thin and *very* light compared to my old machine, so that's taken some getting used to. I need to hold it in place while I open the screen. And right now it actually sits ON the old one when I'm working. But it's still new yet.Looks like it's a bit more expensive now ( I paid about $1100) but I think still a deal for what you'll be getting, esp if you haven't upgraded in a while as was my case.Highly recommend."
1919,Super fast laptop.The screen is beautiful. I love the light weight.Nice packing.Best laptop I've ever won.The sould quality is amazing for this thin laptop. (You will have to go to the sound setting and press the advance speaker quality to activate the best sound possible)
1920,This it's totally defected. I'm sending it tomorrow through UPS back to Amazon due to the fact that it will not charge. Stops at 44% and doesn't go on and it should charge in 30 minutes from what the information States. I am totally disappointed. There was no adapter in it either.
1921,"Llevo unas semanas con mi Samsung Galaxy Book Pro y estoy más que feliz con ella, porque es súper rápida, sensible y con una calidad de imagen en la pantalla super espectacular ¡Lo mejor de lo mejor! Y más siendo a ese precio."
1922,I absolutely hated windows 11 it's garbage and cost me down time trying to navigate is bs os
1923,"Having laptops provided by employer for several years, I hadn’t purchased in a while. Usually I think budget, but this time I splurged a bit and I am very happy.Super lightweight and very fast startup and waking. AMZN also providing good link for MS 365 Office"
1924,The laptop came with a faulty boot system and I had to install the Windows 11 from scratch to get it work. The laptop was unable to repair itself. It's actually a used one from the Amazon warehouse buy at least they should have warned that it might be defective.
1925,Great Sound! Easily the finest laptop audio you can ask for at this price. Screen flickering at lowering brightness and does not look sharp enough for Full HD resolution. AMOLED colors are great as usual. battery life is decent.
1926,Super fast machine. Fantastic screen resolution and color rendition. Lots of memory for manipulating big data files. Can't find anything to complain about. Writing code to do financial analysis on large Account Receivable files. The speed is amazing.
1927,"Great device, really like it. Lightweight, fast, quiet, long battery life. Best notebook I had ever!The only disadvantage found by now - camera quality is quite poor.Even my 5 years old macbook has better camera."
1928,"Just like that title says ... Nice Upgrade from my old Alienware-18 Gaming Laptop but the sound ABSOLUTELY SUCKS!. I had to buy a set of external speakers to go with it. It sounded like someone stuffed a pillow into the speakers, it is very muffled and beyond far too (fake-sounding) bassy."
1929,We are very satisfied with this computer.  It has been several years since we purchased a lap top.  So far--this has been very good to work with.  It is so much faster.  This brand came highly recommended by someone in the tech.field.  Nothing negative to say.
1930,"It took me 3-4 hours to get a new printer on my home network because of Windows 11 S. The folks at Canon were very helpful but ultimately I had to turn it over to Microsoft to setup Windows 11. Windows 11 S will only allow you to add Microsoft Apps and doesn't allow networking. I really like the Lenovo laptop but this should be a toggle to switch out of Safe mode. Microsoft prefers you use only their apps in order to avoid potential pitfalls with generic apps. Also this laptop does not have a CD/DVD Drive. I wanted to load my copy of Home and Business 2010 office but Microsoft no longer supports the app so I had to ""rent"" new Office at a initial cost of $70 a year. Screen quality is great and I really like the touch screen"
1931,Got this laptop bcuz of windows 11 while unboxing it i realised it had windows 10 safe mode sigh.
1932,Easy to setup and great design
1933,"I really like it, I use it for online teaching.  It is great, the hdmi access is so much easier."
1934,"So far I like it but as the headline states, it doesn't have windows 11 installed, only window 10 in safe mode.  Update: easily upgraded to Windows 11."
1935,Clean lines and extremely functional. Very Happy with the speed and performance. I would recommend it for the daily user.
1936,"Unfortunately,  I didn't need this item, but heard it was a great find. I was able to get my current laptop fixed"
1937,The affordable prices....
1938,Cheap maid. Did not like it for the money @!!
1939,"I could sit here and write all about the specs on this computer, but they are already in the description, and If you are like me... you don't really understand it anyways.So I am going to tell you what I LOVE about this computer and what I use it for. I am a full time college student as well as a single mother who stays busy. I have previously used a HP All In one computer that I bought brand new a year ago and I hate that thing... It is so slow!!! When I first opened this item, I was just hoping that it would be a little faster! What I got instead was an amazing computer that is faster than I could have ever imagined. Now I don't use this thing for much more than amazon reviews, school work, and papers. But this is exactly what I needed.It navigated quickly between web pages, my Microsoft word programs opens instantly and doesn't take forever to load like my HP does. The picture of this monitor is just beautiful. Everything is so clear. I love that the keyboard has a back light so I can see the keys if I need to take a look at them while I am typing, but the back lights go away after a few seconds, so if you are watching a movie, the lit up key board will not bother you.This computer is so light weight and easy to carry. I love the sleek design of it as well. This would be a great computer for anyone who just needs a basic computer for the internet or spreadsheets. I would feel at ease taking this computer with me to college or sending it off to college with my children, and I wouldn't worry if they had the ability to complete their assignments in school. I am so so so happy with this product!"
1940,"This is the best laptop deal you can get, full stop.Touchescreen? Nope. That feature is stupid in a laptop, in my view. As you use the keyboard, incidental touche s of the screen change focus or move to different screens--touchscreen is a gimmick and sucks.The screen on this laptop is worth the price by itself. Gorgeous, black is actually black, it rivals my AOC gaming desktop monitor.The Ryzen chip inside can be overclosked if you feel like it, but it is not needed. It is plenty fast for a laptop.This is set up to add memory and a hard drive. Do so. I spent an additional $50 to add a 1tb drive and an 8gig memory stick.  In so doing, I have the same specs as a $700 consumer laptop.Gaming? I stream from my desktop, it's perfect. It won't run any modern games at more than low settings (if that) but you don't need to run them onboard if you have a gaming machine. DO NOT BUY THIS TO PLAY GAMES ONBOARD. Stream via Steam, it's perfect.Buy this for $300, spend an additional $50 or $100 on memory and storage, and sit back and realize that you got a premier laptop for 1/3 the money people are spending on nothing.Build quality is bomber. Eveything is solid, no rattles, no warps. Others have ripped on the touchpad--can't tell the difference between this and any other laptop touchpad. It isn't loose, responds as usual, no problem.The screen is GORGEOUS and much better than laptops at twice or three times the price.I actually like the compressed number pad on the right. If you aren't doing a lot of 10-key stuff, it's what you need.The keyboard backlight stays on while you're typing, shuts off when you aren't. Perfectly configured.This boots in about 15 seconds.It has some heft, but is still very light. Hard to describe, but you can carry this all day in your backpack and not even know it is there. The power brick is about the size of a Toblerone tube. I plan on buying an extra to travel with.This will work as a consumer laptop as is, like I said, but add some memory and a hard drive and you are CRUSHING.I can't sing the praises of this enough.Buy this, add a drive and a memory stick and you get a premier laptop for less than $400. And you get a better screen, too. And anyone can do that, it isn't tough at all. If you can turn a screwdriver, you can update this machine.Make sure to go in and turn S mode off. First, activate Windows, then go to the store and turn off S mode.This is much better than what other companies are offering as a budget laptop."
1941,"A very reasonably priced laptop for basic computing needs. The specs that stick out to me for describing this as ""basic needs"" is 4GB of RAM, and 128GB M.2 SSD. Both are at the bare minimum in today's needs. Cell phones now come with those specs( high dollar ones though..).Seems like one of the goals of this laptop is to keep an aesthetically pleasing design. Just 1 3.1 USB port and 2 2.0 USB ports are included, one headphone/mic jack, 1 slim RJ45 port, HDMI, and power input plug. No external battery.2 things that stuck out to me when I started using: screen and sound quality. The screen is very sharp and high contrast. Black is actually black. Very impressed. I was also surprised by the audio quality. I don't expect much from laptop speakers, especially low priced ones, but was pleasantly surprised on how clear the audio is.The back panel of the laptop does not have any easy access ports to swap out hard drives or RAM. Instead, you remove 10 or so Philips screws to remove the entire panel. I've already swapped out the 4GB RAM stick for an 8GB. Easy enough.The laptop includes an M.2 SSD. The pro to this is you still have the option of adding a traditional sized disk to expand your storage, without needing to worry about reinstalling an OS or attempting to clone the included drive.Almost puked when I thought I was locked-in to ""S Mode"" When I went to unlock S-mode, Windows kindly directly me to pay >$100 to purchase a license! I was furious thinking this was some new scheme to sell laptops without a full legitimate Windows license and instead lock you into a Microsoft only app store. I forget the exact steps I took, but somewhere I found that there was an error in activating my Windows license, and I had to click a troubleshoot button, then it magically worked and got me out of S mode. Disaster averted.A couple of things that annoy me:-The touchpad feels a little loose to me. Just gently touching it causes it to move and you can hear a plastic on plastic sound, its distracting...-The keyboard backlight turns off after a set amount of time, you must press a key for it to illuminate again. Moving the mouse/touchpad does not cause the keys to light up. You must touch a key. I see the is a BIOS option for disabling the timeout. I've disabled it but it appears to have no effect. It still turns off.-The slim-line RJ45 port seems messed up... I pull the flap down and it does not open far enough to insert a connector. I will probably never use it.. but what gives?"
1942,"A few months after the purchase....It is still running good and I bought 5 more for my colleagues, so I bought all together 8 machines.  My of my colleagues need more memory while some need less.  So what I do is, for those who need more, I took the 4GB RAM out from their machine and put it in the machine of the colleague who needs less.  So 1 machine got 2x4G running in dual channel with identical RAM and install a new 2x8G for the original machine.  To be honest, difference for 4 to 8 is high, but little difference from 8 to 16.  So those in a tight budget can save your money._____________________This laptop is great.  For this price, there is nothing to complain.I use this for basic computer needs at home.  What I will do with is just Office, surfing, youtube, netflix.  This computer handles it really well, all very smoothly.What I like most is the screen.  It is IPS.  At this price point (310 for me), most laptops are bundled with TN display, which be honestly is a deal breaker.  The screen here is gorgeous.  I do not see much difference to my gaming laptop which cost me thrice.  Sound is good, keyboard design average.  I don't like the small num pad.  Some people complained on the backlight, but I don't need this function.  But the num lock indicator, however, is important but wasn't there.On the spec, there is just 4G of RAM.  You can, however, upgrade it easily.  There are 10 screws at of back.  Open it and you can add another slot of RAM and another HDD.  My recommendation, upgrade to 8 or 16G and add another SDD drive immediately after the setup is done as 128G storage will not be enough.  For gaming, I am yet to test it, but at 310, don't expect anything.Ar..  the Windows S issue, google Windows S Switch and you will know how to change it back to Windows 10 Home.  It is just a few clicks and a few minutes.  Everyone can do it.After all, a great computer.  My family members ordered 2 when they see mine.  Highly recommend."
1943,BUYER BE AWARE: This computer has Microsoft 10S. This is scam software by Microsoft to force you to use only Microsoft apps from their deserted island wasteland of an app store. The computer will not allow you to do anything else. You can upgrade to a full version of Microsoft 10... for another $134. Hard pass. STAY AWAY from ALL computers with Microsoft 10S!! Absolute garbage software.
1944,"I got this for my ten year old son because it's a great laptop for kids. It has a solid state hard drive which means there's no moving parts and it can take more abuse. In other words I'm not going to worry when my son throws this into his backpack. It's also pretty lightweight and portable.I was, however, a little on the fence about S mode. So what is this? It's a locked down version of Windows 10. It is somewhat limiting in that you can't just run any program you want, it has to be a program solely from the windows store. For example, you have to use Bing as your search engine. You have to use Microsoft Edge as your web browser. For those who are interested in programming, you can't use command-line shells. Pretty limiting right? But the advantage is that the laptop is safer from viruses and malware since there is so much control over what programs can be used. It's very stable and ""safe."" If it tells you anything, Microsoft markets S-mode laptops to schools because of this safety and stability. Now you can easily scrap the S mode at anytime, but once you leave S mode you can't come back.Other things of note: Upon startup the default settings really lets Microsoft snoop on every little thing you do. I had to disable much of this. If you are handing this over to a kid, I would recommend you do the same. But otherwise, startup was very easy. Cortana talks to you and after you've answered some questions (literally, you can speak the answers) everything is set up.I did notice the speakers are very weak, but honestly I am seldom impressed with laptop speakers. That's when Bluetooth speakers come into play and you can do that easily with this. The screen is not a touch-screen which, I suppose, at this price point you can't really expect.I also saw this laptop has a night setting, which I love. Starting at 8pm, the display minimizes blue light so as not to mess with your body's sleep cycle. That, to me, was a HUGE plus!So would I recommend this? If you are a computer programmer or hope for your kid to be a computer programmer than no, absolutely not. But if you're just wanting to use a computer without necessarily knowing how the parts and software work then YES! This would be a GREAT laptop for you! I can also see this as a great tool for senior citizens as well because if how user-friendly everything is set up to be."
1945,It runs amazing
1946,"*UPDATE : The labtop completely died near end of warranty, would not charge or power up. Acer replaced motherboard, about 2 weeks turn around time.-The only down side is the 4 gb of ram. 128 nvme is AMAZING at this price, makes the labtop amazingly snappy. Reads are in 1.3-1.4 GB/s range.The display is great for the price, viewing angles are fantastic. Perfect for media consumption. Easily comparable with labtops 2-2.5 times the price. This is bar far my #1 reason for keeping the machine. speakers arent great though, have bluetooth headphones handy.I was able to put POP OS 19 on it without an issue, everything worked perfectly and its very snappy. Due to the nvme you are going to get amazing snappiness.Fully upgradable! There is a included screws to mount 2.5 drive in the box, you can switch wifi card , add another stick  of ram , or swap the M.2.Ram runs at 2400 based on platform, so dont bother with expensive stuff.  The included one is rated at 2666.Stays cool since its a small chip. Fan isnt loud at 100%.Battery life lasts about 3-3.5 hours underload with brightness at 40%.I was able to run dawn of war ii and a few other older games at medium 1080P at half decent frame rates on linux, older games forsure though.Keyboard is good  , much better than idealpad3XX and swift3. I've seen much worst on  much  more expensive devices.I actually really like the aluminium cover, makes the device look premium.This is great machine to consume videos and do light typing without being frustrated by cost or the performance, A+ Acer for putting every dollar where it makes the user experience pleasant ."
1947,"The Acer 5 slim is sleek, beautiful, durable, lightweight, lightning fast (when upgraded to 16gb of ram), and has a ridiculously low price tag. It probably wouldn't be of much use for gaming or CAD, but for basic web browsing, office use, and video streaming, it will do well. I have added some pictures next to a macbook air for size comparison. The screen is bright and beautiful, offering 1080p resolution. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the keyboard lights up! I plan to use this laptop mainly to stream business news, news tickers, and follow several stocks on multiple tabs. For this reason, I knew the RAM upgrade would be necessary. This PC would likely be quite slow if you chose to keep the 4GB of RAM, as 2GB is shared memory. I would recommend at the very least adding another 4GB stick, as there is a slot available and a 4GB stick is quite cheap. I decided to add a second hard drive as well, 128GB is not much, if I recall correctly, only 98GB was available, and that was before any Windows updates!I spent an extra $116 on the following upgrades:Teamgroup 16GB (8GBx2) - 2666MHz , DDR4 Dual-channel laptop memory, and a Kingston 480GB A400 SATA 3 2.5"" Internal SSD hard drive. The fact that Acer made this laptop with 2 memory slots and a spot for a second harddrive is part of the reason this laptop has been a bestseller for so long. Without these options I wouldn't have considered purchasing it. I have included pictures of the laptop with the back cover removed, at various stages of adding the Kingston 2.5"" SATA harddrive. It is an incredibly easy procedure, but I thought some may benefit from the photos. A bag of screws to secure the harddrive actually came with the laptop, which I included it in one of the photos. Replacing the memory is straightforward. To remove the back panel to access the internals, you simply remove 10 phillips screws.After installing the second hard drive, you will probably need to head over to disk management to partition the new drive. Be very careful with this step, as you can really mess your computer up & delete data, if you click on the wrong things! I haven't installed a second hard drive in ages, I expected windows to gind the drive after the installation, but that wasn't the case for me!This PC includes Microsoft Windows 10 in S mode. I suppose some people will be ok with this mode, as it enhances security and performance by only allowing programs available in the Microsoft Store. The vast majority of us however, will want to switch out of this mode ASAP. Fortunately switching modes is a very simple procedure. Here is the process:Go to Settings  > Update & Security  > Activation.In the Switch to Windows 10 Home section, select Go to the Store. There is also an ""upgrade your edition of Windows"" section on the screen during this step, do NOT click the ""Go to the Store"" link below that!On the Switch out of S mode page that appears in the Microsoft Store, select the Get button.Congratulations! Your new computer now has Microsoft windows 10 home, without the restrictions of S mode!Bottom line - this laptop is an absolute bargain! I hope you found this review helpful, if so, please kindly click the ""helpful"" button! Thank you!"
1948,"I bought this laptop for its weight and that's about the only thing positive I can say about it.The processing power is not very strong, so performance-wise, I was not impressed. But with the pricetag considered, I'm all right with this.However, the biggest thing for me is the OS- WINDOWS 10-IN S MODE.I had never heard of S Mode, and I didn't notice this when I bought the laptop.Apparently, S Mode is Microsoft's way of ensuring that you only use their apps and products by blocking you from downloading any outside apps. You have to get them all through their store. So, for example, were I to try to download Norton's anti-virus from Norton's official site, Microsoft's S Mode would tell me that I am unable. Any and all files outside of their store are blocked from being downloaded.In order to leave S Mode, you have to change it in the settings, but then you have to use a registration key for Windows 10 Home or Pro. So I shelled out another $130 just to get a fully functioning OS. Factor that price into this laptop price. THEN- after purchasing Windows 10 Home, I had to keep trying over the course of 4 days for the laptop to accept me switching out of S Mode because Microsoft was conveniently having server errors on their side and so my request could not be processed at this time. This is a common issue, at least from what I read among those discussing S Mode on Reddit forums. Multiple people report that Microsoft has server issues when you try to opt out of S Mode.Very very unhappy with this laptop for the sole reason that the OS is Windows 10 in S Mode. It was inconvenient and one of the most useless things I have ever seen pre-installed on a computer. Created a major and unnecessary headache for me."
1949,"I was hesitant getting a Chromebook as I was concerned I'd miss being able to install windows programs, but so far I am really impressed with this. It was very quick to setup and easy to sync all of my Google account info. Having the ability to install Google apps is great. It's lightweight, runs fast, and seems to have a long lasting battery.As far as shipping it came packaged really well and the condition is 9/10 with only a slight smudge on the top of lid."
1950,Did not come with a charger
1951,5 months is all this piece of crap lasted! Conveniently past the 90 warranty window.  I called the 3rd party seller and had a mini argument about their company standing behind their products...  He told he that I would have to take this into a repair shop to have a new microphone and camera installed.  I told him that I knew that this would cost more than the laptop itself.  It said it would be around $40.  Well guess what the report shop said.  Exactly what I knew from the beninging...it would cost $300 plus the laptop would never function the same.  DO NOT BUY!!  Save yourself the waste of money....  buy new and not from a 3rd party seller
1952,I have no cell phone to get instruction s - this is not a laptop  - the keys are different and I have no idea how to use this -  I can barely hear it -  it takes forever just to load facebook -  it constantly buffers -  I see why it was discounted  -  junk.
1953,I have another chromebook but it has an 11 inch screen.  I was surprised that this one with a 14inch screen has better battery life.  Mostly I am browsing internet so I don't need all of the slowness and problems associated with Windows 10.
1954,"Exactly as described. Havent tried the touch screen yet because I keep forgetting it's an option. The chromebook is definitely different then I'm used to, but it has been an easy transition."
1955,"I need Bluetooth for some things.  This unit will not run Bluetooth without completely taking away all my bandwidth for wifi.  I get 12M down but fire up Bluetooth and I drop to 1m or less.  So tube videos are  impossible to watch.  Even listening to just music via BT although not as drastic will still cause the audio to stutter/stop and start.The next thing is the wifi range is not as good as all my devices...  50 ft and the transfer rate down is a 1/3rd down...  <>8M....  All my devices run above 11M...  So sadly I am returning the unit.The BT issue has been known about for quite a while.  I would not have thought there would be any problem with BT...My Mac, PC win 10 laptop runs BT just fine an there is absolutely no bandwidth traffic!I borrowed a friends older Lenovo chromebook and it demonstrates the same thing.  His wifi speed was good.Jim"
1956,"So the laptop is very portable,  easy to use, and pretty fast. The problem is I bought this as a Christmas gift, so didn't open or test it when I got it. After opening it we found that the webcam doesn't work. We tried ever solution we could find online but nothing worked. I tried to contact the seller and they we next to useless just telling me to refresh it, then never replying again. So I ended up having to but another laptop for zoom meetings for school. If you can I'd at the very least avoid this seller."
1957,14 inch is a great size if you want something medium size. Very light weight and easy to use. Usbc cord is great so all of the devices that I own use the same charger. I got this for under 200 and it was well worth it if you need something to type and simple web browsing. My only wish was that this was touch screen and I didn't realized I needed touch screen at the time...
1958,DO NOT ORDER THIS!!! I ordered something this and got a lower grade of Chrome book(N22 which is worth less than half the price of the laptop in the display).
1959,"I've only had it about a week, and it has been constant troubleshooting.  When it works, I like the keyboard, the display is crisp and it boots up fast and switches tasks quickly.  But things didn't (and some still don't) work out of the box, and there is too much spamware installed.The right click on the touchpad did not function out of the box.  I researched a bit, couldn't find a good solution, but after I did a BIOS update for a different problem it seems to work now, although with a fiddly two finger gesture instead of just one finger clicking in the bottom right like every other laptop I've got.  It is a dice roll whether it registers both fingers or not, so you might get the right click menu, you might just open links or jump to somewhere else in the program and then have to get back and try again.  I'm guessing I'd get used to this.You do get Windows pre-installed.  The license key is a bit hard to find in case you need/want to reinstall it, but you can find it in the BIOS.  It boots real fast, so it is tricky to get to the BIOS menu.  Windows also doesn't seem to actually shut down, so when you open up the lid, it is already past the BIOS prompt (with the default settings).  Microsoft requires a Microsoft account to even use the computer, which isn't Lenovo's fault, but annoying.  Lenovo comes with ""helpful"" admin tools to update firmware and the BIOS, but you have to set up a Lenovo account to do so.  That is a pain, and I exited out, only to see that I've got an email verifying my Lenovo account, apparently populating it with info from the Microsoft account that I just set up.  I don't want to be paranoid, but Microsoft had me set up an account and five minutes later my information is being used to set up other accounts.  Not a good look for either side - how am I supposed to trust anything I do on this laptop?But even worse is the Lenovo software is like continuously being asked about your car's extended warranty, warning you about all the bad things that will happen and upselling you on better support.  How many people are buying a $500 laptop and needing on-site replacement services?The biggest problem by far is that I still don't know what the USB-C port does.  I initially set it up using my docking station.  USB-C charging didn't work.  It didn't recognize a second display.  It did recognize the ethernet connection and mouse and keyboard.  Reading up, it looks like it is fiddly with exactly which docking stations it will talk to.  I'm currently leaving one job, starting another, and for . . . reasons . . . , I currently have 5 daily use laptops, all of which work flawlessly with a ""high end"" Dell docking station.  I also have a ton of cheap ones from the last year hooking up school Chromebooks to various monitors.  None of them work with this Lenovo.  It will recognize the second display if I plug in the HDMI cable directly.  I have also tried any number of adapters to plug into the USB-C port - from Chromebooks, from a MacBookPro, from a dedicated USB charging hub that far exceeds the power requirements - no luck.  It doesn't recognize any of them to charge.  It does have a second charging port with a dedicated, proprietary connector which works well enough, but the brick that plugs to the wall is large and the cord is short-ish and the charging port is on one side of the machine only, which limits where I can actually use it.Speaking of which, the battery is nowhere near the 8.5 hours advertised.  More like 4, with the settings out of the box.  That is enough for me, but I had 75% charge left, suspended the computer and closed the lid, and it was completely empty 6 hours later.  I'm not sure you could be doing anything less with the computer, and it still drained the battery pretty quickly.  I've played with disabling some BIOS settings but don't see a huge difference.  If I don't have it plugged in overnight, it is dead in the morning.Other than that, no problems :)  I actually like the computer when it is running, it is much better than the one I am replacing, performance-wise.  But things did not work out of the box, and having a half-baked USB-C port that doesn't charge is probably a deal breaker for me.  I'm waiting on another docking station that has been reported to work well with this laptop before throwing away the days of configuration and returning it.  Who knows, maybe I just got a bum USB port and it does work out of the box for everyone else."
1960,"This is my second Lenovo and I wouldn't have bought another one if the first wasn't a gem. The touchscreen can be very handy if you aren't a touchpad user (which I'm not) and you don't have space to use a mouse (such as on a plane). The only drawback on this particular model is no backlit keyboard.  Otherwise,  I give it 5 stars."
1961,"I'm delighted with my new computer.... The only issue is that the fingerprint sensor isn't working, but everything is cool and despite the computer is made from plastic, it feels very classy."
1962,very good home type computer
1963,"WiFi died and even a complete software reset would not fix it, clearly a hardware issue. I am having to not only pay this seller to return it they are going to charge me a 20% restocking fee because I threw the box away THE DAY BEFORE IT DIED!"
1964,"According to the Yale School of Management, Lenovo continues to pursue business interests in the Russian Federation even though scores of other reputable companies have withdrawn from the country."
1965,"I bought this laptop for scientific computing, and I was waiting for one with an 8-core processor for parallelized computations. When I saw a Ryzen 8-core processor, 32 GB RAM, and the price, ~$900 before tax, it ticked. This HP-Ryzen laptop exceeded my expectations in speed and energy efficiency. I ran a benchmark test of Wolfram Mathematica (the software I use for computations) and the results were far above all other computers listed there for comparison. At the same time, the laptop does not consume much energy, its power adapted is small. I run a parallelized computation using all 8 cores for hours and the laptop's body is only a little bit warm. I do not hear any sound of the fan. This is a huge step forward in comparison to my previous laptops with Intel i7 processors that consumed a lot of energy and were getting hot even in the idling regime.On the other hand, it is apparently not a gaming laptop as it has an AMD Radeon graphics card, no expensive Nvidia that I don't need. Comparable gaming laptops (8 cores) on Amazon cost twice as much.I haven't found any serious drawbacks yet. A small drawback is that the keyboard is not illuminated from within, the body of this laptop and its keys are gray, while inscriptions on the keys are not white but grayish. With low light, you don't see them well, and you cannot work at night without a light. The keyboard is much better visible on my preceding Dell Inspiron laptop (Intel i5, also energy efficient and overall good) that has a black surface and keys, white key inscriptions, and keyboard illumination."
1966,"great update from my 10 yr old lenovo t430.it is light and super fast, sturdy built and i like the touch.setup was easy and upgraded to win 11 in no time. fabulous interface. like the new windows!very happy with the purcahse."
1967,Overall performance of the laptop is good. I primarily bought it for educational purposes and it definitely meets my needs.
1968,It never worked as it should it seemed to be reconditioned
1969,"I use the laptop for PowerPoints, projection, Xcel, etc.  Utilize it on a network and it hooked right up and worked great.  Not a single complaint.  Love it!"
1970,My people say it works great!
1971,"Mic doesn't pick up well when speaker is off or at edge of camera, but it is faster than the Ryzen 5 I murdered, lighter weight, too. I thought I would miss my 17in screen, but 15in is okay since the resolution is good."
1972,"This is a long review.  To summarize, you get what you pay for and then some.  This is a very usable package at a bargain price.  Nothing is top-of-the-line, but you will get a nice, compact machine for web-based activity.This is my first Chromebook.  Previously I have used Macs and laptops from Toshiba and Lenovo.  I decided to go with a Chromebook because I mostly email, browse pages, Zoom, and watch Youtube.  Anything I need to do document-wise can be covered by Google.  The compactness and long battery life is a big plus.  I'm tired of big, heavy laptops wearing holes in my bags.This Chromebook weighs 2-1/4 .lbs, which is excellent.  It is about the size of a magazine, so I would not hestitate to take it anywhere.  The body is plastic, which is durable and easy to keep clean.  It's not as nice as metal, but it is generally solid.  The bottom panel is a teeny bit loose, but that is a nitpick.Battery life is as advertised.  Depending what you do you get around 10 hours or more, which is more than double any laptop I have used.The screen opens to 135 degrees (or 45 degrees against the tabletop).  I was disappointed it did not open to a full 180, but I can work with it.  Screen brightness is listed at 220 nits (on the low end), but don't let that deter you; it is as bright as my 8 year old Macbook and my Lenovo laptop assigned by work. For indoor use, it works just fine.  If you work outside, you will have to find shade.  The display quality is not the best, but perfectly useable.  It is an IPS display, which provides better viewing angles and color rendition.  The 11.6"" screen is enough real estate for watching videos and reading the news.  I can type this review and read my email side by side.  This is also a touch screen, which seems to work fine in my limited experience.  When laying down with the Chromebook on my chest, it's nice to just browse using the touchscreen.  I have downloaded a few Android games, and they work great on the touchscreen.  IMO spend more for the touch screen if you want to use Android apps.The keyboard is a comfortable size.  I am typing efficiently without making lots of mistakes.  Most of the keys are where you expect them to be.  The specialized Chrome keys don't interfere.  The keys themselves have a nice, positive response.  Equally responsive is the trackpad, which comes with a full repertoire of gestures for scrolling, zooming, and viewing apps.  One thing I noticed is you can only physically click on the botton half of the touchpad, but I usually tap to click.The on-board speakers are a nice surprise.  They are loud and clear.  An audiophile might find them slightly tinny, but I can listen to music for hours using just these speakers.  There is minimal distortion when I crank the volume up to max. Of course, there is a headphone jack and bluetooth capability.32 gigs of memory may be challenged if you install a lot of apps.  The Chrome System takes up about 13 GB on its own. I have inserted a 128 GB Micro SD card, which can be used as storage for Android apps that support it.  For example, I can download music from Youtube Music to my SD card.  Documents from the Text editor and Camera app can be directed to the SD card as well.Regarding the processor, I don't do anything that has taxed this system yet.  I usually only have a couple of tabs and apps open, and I play a few games.  Keep in mind this is the same processor on the almost universally lauded Lenovo Duet Chromebook, so it is no slouch.The 720p webcam is adquate for web conferencing, taking snapshots or recording videos.  It's a little grainy with indoor lighting.  People seem to hear me fine using the internal microphone, but works best if you are sitting right in front of the computer.  The mic input can be adjusted if you expand the volume options in the wifi/battery/time options.One last cool thing is you can charge this Chromebook with a phone charger (with the right cable).  It is slow, and must be done while the Chromebook is not in use.  I was able to get 15% per hour using a basic phone charger.  It might be nice if you are traveling and don't need to lug around the clunky power supply that comes with this Chromebook.Overall, I am happy with my purchase. This is a nice value package that delivers."
1973,"I first want to say that mechanically this laptop worked great. The company that sent it also sent it very fast, arriving ahead of the projected date. Now that positivity is out of the way, why am i returning it?Say what you want about me, but i didn't realize that this device used a different OS. I originally wanted an affordable laptop for some word processing. Chrome OS does not allow you to do this. Functionally it could,  but it designed to be an internet browser and little else. Do you have a phone? Well, your phone is capable of everything this device can do and more. Why would anyone need a laptop with less functionality than a phone?Many software programs support a variety of operating systems. They do not currently work with Chrome OS. You cannot even attempt to download them. I have heard that you can download apps (not that i was able to experience this for myself), but that will be the only downloading of programs that you might have access to.This now leads to my final gripe, the device is basically online only.A browser cannot function without internet, so it is with this device. It seems to be so dependent on this that it actually bugged out when i tried to delete the only wifi connection it had. (which reminds me, there is no way that you can factory reset this device. There is no option to do so, take that as you will.) When you first start up this device, it will force you to connect to the internet. You can skip putting in you Google account info, but it will not allow you to proceed without internet.Tldr: Don't get anything with Chrome OS. Your phone is capable of so much more than this ever will be."
1974,"This is a great Chromebook for a middle to highschooler. It has a real long battery life charges quickly, and maintains a strong wireless signal. The touchscreen is very responsive and we haven’t had any problems with it at all. It has a very comfortable keyboard."
1975,"I only use a computer for personal stuff, e-mails, facebook, random stuff., a zoom meeting once a week. I'm 72 and needed a lighter, smaller one than my dinosaur of a laptop. This fits the bill perfectly. It weighs less than the average book, it has a very long battery life, its size and weight makes it easily portable, and I can have it outside on the deck for hours without losing power. I love the touchscreen, and it was not hard converting to the Chrome OS from Windows. The only thing this didn't offer was a backlit keyboard, but since It's white, w/white keyboard, It's not hard to see even in dim light. So easy to use and carry, and easily contains everything my old computer had downloaded--and that's a lot!  I Love It!"
1976,"It's very important to note, this is a Chromebook NOT a full-sized laptop, so this may be much smaller than expected.Personally, I love this Chromebook, size and all. It works great and has a pretty decent quality. No issues with so far with charging, battery life, crashing, etc. I would only hope for a better sound quality, as it doesn't get very loud at all. Plenty of storage space for me as well, as I use it for crafting (Design Space app, emails, saving photos, etc.) I would also recommend this for those looking for something small with a keyboard for school use."
1977,"This is perfect for what I need. I  am a writer and have been writing on a kindle tablet, and it was just too small."
1978,"I like the Chromebook, but it restarts itself every day on its own. I've had it for less than a month. I believe the MicroSD card slot is too close to the power cord slot. I leverage my thumb on the side of the Chromebook to pull the power cord out (the spot where the MicroSD card slot is) so I end up uninstalling the card. No, there's no other way to carefully remove the power cord. I've had several Chromebooks and never had issues until this one."
1979,"I didn't realize how small it was however it's a nice laptop,the screen did go black for a full day, it was charged an everything,for some weird reason it came back on, that's the only issue I've had with it"
1980,"Make sure you read the fine print. I received my chromebook. The package it was in was already opened. A little annoyed I paid for a new one and got a used one but it looked ok. Plug it in to start using it and check it out. Kept saying it was charging. Unplugged it the next day only for it to cut righty back off and say it was dead. I tried another chromebook charger and the same thing happened. So I decided to get some support. Amazon was nice but made me try all the things I already did. After nothing worked, again. They told me to contact the seller, there was nothing else they could do to help me. I reached out to the seller and got no reply. And apparently I can’t return it. For any reason whatsoever. So now I have a cr*p laptop that I just wasted $ on that I guess I’ll now have to pay to take somewhere to fix it. So annoyed and disappointed. I haven’t even had it a few days and can’t even return for a replacement or to get my money back. Cool cool cool. Thanks"
1981,"If my labtop goes to sleep, when I try to use it from sleep the screen is split.  The botton half is on top and the top part is on the bottom.  And nothing can be done to fix this other than logging out and shutting down and restarting the computer. This becomes very annoying after a while.  Also, with regularity, the notebook simply freezes and again, the only remedy is to shut down and restart. A third regret is that it is very, very slow, much slower than the 5-year old Acer Chromebook (similar price) that I am trying to replace because it's nearing 5-years old and Chrome no longer supports my Acer Chromebook with security updates.  The HP Chromebook is such poor quality that I don't use it anymore, I'm back to using my 5-year old Acer Chromebook.  I have a few more months until it's no longer supported.  I think I will try the Pixelbook Go, it seems to have good reviews and I have much higher hopes for it.  I'm so disappointed with the HP that I will never, ever consider another HP product.  Such low, laughable quality."
1982,I did not know that the Chromebook I purchased was ‘refurbished’ until I received it.  The price pd was for a new laptop. I feel cheated. I am not happy.
1983,"Its a basic Chromebook.  Nothing fancy but does exactly what I need it to do.  Internet searching, emails and can stream  amazon video.  Going to experiment with Google Docs and slides also.  For the money...I think it was a great purchase."
1984,"I was not sure I would like a Chromebook. Quick start up. Once you figure out how to work off line and navigate, it's not that different from other formats. You can easily add memory via a thumb drive or micro sd card. The only thing I can't do is a wireless connection to my printer.  Small inconvenience for the cost of the laptop. It is plenty fast for office apps and the internet with the battery lasting all day. Thumbs up."
1985,"The  HP Chromebook is an excellent multi purpose laptop. It can be used for researching online, budgeting and finances, games, music and movies. Shopping for anything needed for the entire family.Taking classes on line or for homework for students."
1986,"It looks new and is fast, has a long battery life, and is spot on what we needed.  Just a fast device that we can search the web on and project onto a television screen.  Lightweight so we can move it around easily and small so it tucks away when not in use.  Can't beat the price for this level of computer."
1987,"The laptop was purchased renewed. Be careful who you purchase from. Mine was severely compromised and infected all of my androids. I suggest to thoroughly inspect it first and if something seems out of the norm, return item immediately. Such as logging in and out. Be safe and spend a few xtra dollars on a new one if you can. I wish I would of. Just a warning. I'm sure not all of the sellers are untrustworthy but the few that are? Beware."
1988,We bought this product for my father in law as a gift.  He's a novice to say the least at technology and couldn't be more pleased with the product.  Company did a great job and it arrived two days after the purchase in a secure box and packaged to ensure no damage would take place.  I would definitely order from them again!
1989,The laptop I received is not what I expected. This laptop does not want to turn on no matter what power adapter I use. The problem is with the computer itself. It's very inconvenient and incredibly disappointing.
1990,was delivered with a user id still on it.  renewed?  No one even looked at it.  Total BS
1991,This computer does NOT have a backlit keyboard as advertised in the product description.
1992,"My only gripe is the screen itself. Has a backlight sheen, so you have the have the right angle to see colors correctly. Had to download a second party program to change gamma and brightness, but it looks better now.Has SD slot, and my first Windows 11 computer. Everything installs and works properly. A backlit keyboard would be nice, but I knew it didn’t have one when I bought it."
1993,"I just got this computer today and my first impression is: it's loud. The keys are not clicky but sort of hollow sounding, which isn't too bad. The fans turn on and off constantly and WEEEESHHHHHHHH for minutes at a time (all I've done so far is load Chrome). The worst thing for me is the touchpad makes a sound like you're dragging your finger over bad paper from grade-school chapter books. I'm autistic (and admittedly have a headache right now ((there go the fans for no reason))) and I'm extremely sensitive to noises and this fffsffssffsfsfsfsfssssssss sound is super irritating. My old HP had a nice smooth touchpad that literally made NO NOISE, why oh why would they change it? I'm already trying to duck the noise my own fingers are making, or using my other hand to cover it up to deaden the noise. I'll end up using this with headphones in a lot, which will make my husband sad...Still sitting here with the fans going, and they actually cover up the noise of the touchpad... That's not a solution.I'm sure I'll be back with more to say but this was my immediate unhappy impressionnext day update: WHY DIDN'T ANYONE MENTION THAT ####### ### ###### ######## ###### LIGHT ON THE F6 KEY ????? It comes on when you push mute,,,,which, I ALWAYS have my computer on mute. I realise I could just turn down the volume but I want to push the mute button. And now when I do, this annoying orange light comes on that's a tiny sun in a dark room, very distracting. I hate it and now have put .99 cent nail polish on my 750$ machine.FEW DAYS LATER: the nail polish is holding up, but using this thing with only WoW running on it (that's it, that's all that on it) it's like being on the moores on a windy night. Just WEeeEEEEEEEeSHHHSEeWWEEEEEEEEESssshEEEEEEEWEEEEEEEHHHHHWWSSSSSS constantly from the processors, it's high pitched and incessant.The arrow keys are weird shaped and too small (for laptop gaming purposes) but at least the entire spacebar and touchpad work which is more than I could say for the Dell I had."
1994,"I was skeptical when I ordered this because there was not a model included in the description. But I have never had an issue returning anything I have ordered through Amazon in the past so I decided to go for it.Yes, it is an HP laptop! It is actually an hp laptop model 15-ef2127wm . I ordered the one with 32GB RAM and 1 TB SSD drive. I wanted something with similar specs to my desktop pc. I have been extremely pleased with the performance!I tried to take a picture since the product information is on the bottom of the laptop. However, the font is extremely small and the black on gray isn't the best contrast so the image tends to be blurry. If I could change one thing about it I would have the keyboard backlit. I like that the cooling vent is on the top between the screen and the keyboard. I tend to play City of Heroes Homecoming for hours on end. I changed my graphics settings for the appearance over performance and this laptop never seemed to get hot even after 8 hours of gaming!I am not into VR gaming so you might check with HP on that. it will upgrade to Windows 11. I personally have not done this because my desktop pcs are not compatible and I like to have everything on the same operating system."
1995,"I've been looking for a new laptop.  This is the third one I've bought, and I'll probably end up keeping it against my better judgement just because I'm tired of looking.  My main issue is that the product listing says this is a new 2022 model.  And it comes with UDB-C data only.  None of my docking stations work with it at all.  It doesn't send video.  No charging.  It doesn't recognize etherrnet.  It doesn't recognize a mouse or keyboard or anything besides a USB storage device.  Yes, you can use the HDMI port on the laptop and that works fine.  And it has two USB A ports for a keyboard and mouse and you can hope you don't need anything else.  And you can pray you don't lose or damage the charger, because it is of course non-standard.  I move between my desk and other areas enough that plugging and unplugging all of the peripherals multiple times a day is not a good thing.This isn't the highest end laptop, but for the price missing this functionality makes no sense.  My $150 chromebooks have had this for years, as have all of my work laptops from a variety of manufacturers.You might ask why I'm on my third laptop and why I still keep making this error?  The product copy of this on Amazon doesn't mention it either way.  But, I had other questions, and found the model on other websites and the HP website, and those indicated a docking station was supported.  The previous one I returned to Amazon because it specifically said it had support and didn't.  The first one I returned somewhere else, because I saw USB-C and charging/monitors have been supported for so long, I just assumed this would work, plus one of the pictures talked about USB-C and had a picture of multiple monitors but had photoshopped all the wires out and they said after the picture was showing using the HDMI port on the laptop.This is also the reason I'm keeping it.  I look around at other similarly priced or slightly higher ones, and it is really difficult to tell if returning yet another one will make a difference - I guess I'll have to go see them in person to tell for sure.  Now, if I wanted a Chromebook, I know I could get one at 1/3 the price that supports this, but I really need a functional SSH client and X-Windows display.All of that said, the laptop is functional enough.  Fast to boot, quick to compile code, fast switching between programs, good display, above average battery life.  If only they'd tossed in a $5 part to have a real port."
1996,"Nice computer, fast, good screen, but just stopped working after 3+ weeks of light use. You can turn it off, but the hard-drive continues running in the background and you cannot turn it on again for days! Fully charged, maybe you are in luck to turn it on -but- on most days you are OUT OF LUCK! Will return for credit! Used the Amazon Return policy within the allotted time period, printed the return label and returned item with extra packaging ($21) to the seller via UPS. Item was returned to seller on 2/6/2022 confirmed by UPS tracking and I am still waiting for a full refund by seller / Amazon."
1997,"I wanted 16 GB of RAM and SSD hard drive but didn't need a ton of space.  Some of the complaints I have read are valid.  The USB-C port does not support video.  Hard to find anywhere in the description but if that's a deal breaker for you look for USB-C Thunderbolt.  There is an actual Thunderbolt beside the USB-C port.  I almost returned the unit because of the keyboard.  Although I didn't care if it was back lit (it's not), the contrast between the letters and key is not good.  I could not see the symbols in low light.  I bought a silicon keyboard cover for about 8 bucks from the Big A and now can easily see and I am more protected from spills.  For casual users this is a great unit.  It's light and I like the screen size and the 10 digit pad built in.  You want 3 screens and a ton of ports, better dig deeper into your wallet."
1998,"This laptop was not advertised as having a touchscreen and does not have one, and is the reason for not rating a touchscreen.This laptop was for my grandson to have for school work and the on-line games he likes to participate in. He loves it and from what I have seen the laptop is very responsive and will work for him through school. Additional software is needed for word processing, etc. The only thing I did not like is, when opening and turning on the laptop it immediately goes into a setup and is a not pre-installed with Windows 11 OS, with only your personal preferences and connectivity to setup. I will update this review if to the contrary in a couple of months from now. So far, I do not expect to have to do an update."
1999,"Well it worked for about 3 days before it had fatal OS issues, I have been in contact with HP since then and have ran the hardware tests a half dozen time and had to install windows 10 in order to get back to having an OS, but now the laptop cannot find a network... ""update"" returned laptop after wasting days trying to get it fixed, but hey there's a 72$ restocking fee for a garbage laptop so that's always nice."
2000,It is bowed in the middle and twangs when I type.  Computer is fast and screen is good.  Is this a genuine HP laptop?
2001,"I love everything about this HP laptop the quality, the screen, and battery life; everything is excellent! A good investment for doing university classes. Also, suitable for work/professional purposes as well."
2002,"With only minor signs of use and a first boot fatal error that required a rescue usb, after around 2 weeks of use I must say that this is the right minimum specs for a daily office work without issues. 64gb allows to install some linux apps to work, battery arrived with 96% of health in diagnosis. I don't think you can't get better specs these days for the price. Recommended"
2003,"Received in perfect condition, no sign of prior use. Chrome OS loaded normally and was updated to latest edition without issues. International delivery was surprisingly fast."
2004,The battery life wasn't good and came with a scratch on top.
2005,"Very well built and with an elegant design. Good processor, very fast. Quiet fan operation, cool keeping in palm rest area.I was surprised by the fact that it came with an ""HDD Kit"" (connectors), to expand the storage capacity with an internal HDD disk (I asked Asus and they replied that a HDD or SSD of up to 1 TB can be installed, to expand the capacity storage).Asus customer service is very good (it comes with MyAsus software that makes communication very easy); is one reason I bought this brand. Two years ago I bought an Asus 13 ""Notebook, I had a software problem with the keyboard lighting and in a few messages they guided me on how to solve it, until now I have never had problems again.I sincerely recommend this Notebook."
2006,"Light weight, great start up speed with SSD drive.  Keyboard backlighting good for dim lights but key letters hard to see in medium light.  Ability to turn off keyboard backlighting is a plus and actually makes letters easier to see in bright light."
2007,"I've been using my new ASUS VivoBook computer for over a week and have a few comments.  First, it's a great computer for those folks who like to work in the dark.  The contrast between the silver keys and the lighted characters is poor at best.  Key F7 allows four settings for the brightness of the characters, but the brightest one is still too dim. I find it easy to see the keyboard if I work in a dimmed setting.  I've owned two ASUS computers previously and both have had excellent keyboard contrast. Why did they change to a poor contrast keyboard? Without this fault I would give it a 5 star rating.This is sold as a portable computer.  At five pounds it might be better described as transportable.This computer does NOT have a touch screen as is advertised by Amazon. This is a good screen if you don't like looking at finger prints.Going to ASUS for help sends you to a ""paid-for"" tech group. This is a helluva way to provide support and ASUS should be ashamed!"
2008,"Great laptop; very fast processor (i7), good RAM memory and nice solid state drive; there is no Touch Screen so don't know why Amazon wanted a rating on it; there are 2 issues:  support is only by email (almost useless for computers) and although it says it will support 2 monitors, it will ONLY if you close the laptop's lid; video card only supports a ""TOTAL"" of 2 monitors so don't plan on using the laptop's screen if you intend to use 2 external monitors - lid must be closed for it to display on both external monitors"
2009,"Bought for my husband after his other asus only lasted 18mths. I was skeptical to say the least, but this was what he wanted. Aside from the volume being horrible, it appears to be working just fine. We’re only 2mths into it so I’m still very cautious."
2010,"In the market for a new laptop?  I've found this unit to be exceptional, compared to my older Dell Latitude.  Speed, and the 17-inch screen feels good on my aging eyes."
2011,Very happy so far--only drawback is that the speakers on this laptop don't get very loud....
2012,"This laptop is a solid, well-built device with speed, great display, and a good keyboard.  The only downside I see is the audio quality.  Not as good as I had hoped."
2013,
2014,"Very nice laptop the screen is the right size, the only downside I have is the keys can be hard to see at times"
2015,"This one has a super fast boot up time. The only issue I have so far is that the Capslock button had a light that worked when you clicked on it (so you know when it's enabled) but now it does not light up. The computer it self is pretty good. After doing so extensive research, this one was the ""worth it"" laptop that I needed. Good for school work and office work. Comes in ""windows S mode"" but its easy to switch out to a regular mode. All you need to do is install Chrome and google will tell you exactly what you need to do to switch out of the ""S"" mode. Screen quality isn't HD but you really won't notice the difference. I would have given a five star rating if it wasn't for the capslock issue. I wish they made this with a white color design.Update-  Some vibrations and crack in sound but still working good."
2016,"Very disappointed, this was advertised as touch screen then on the description it says non touch screen and it’s much smaller than described. Very disappointed."
2017,We mainly use this Computer for zoom meetings and work so it works perfectly for emails and things like that nothing special for us
2018,"I bought this laptop because I really don't need anything fancy AT ALL! It was just supposed to be for my kids when they needed to do homework, and for me to use to search a few things on the internet and check my email.... THATS IT! It was RIDICULOUS! I seriously timed it just to prove my point, and from the time I turned it on to the time it was ready to actually use it took 15 MINUTES!! Now I am not one of these young kids who think if things don't happen in a blink of an eye, it is slow and I get mad. I grew up with dial up and so I am used to sitting and waiting on a computer. But this was worse than that. It would never fully load, when I typed on it, it wouldn't keep up, and it was always just turning off. Then to turn it back on, well that was quite the process that sometimes wouldn't happen that day. I am not techy in the least, I just want a computer to turn on, let me search a few things, and let my kids search a few things. I didn't think I asked that much. This computer didn't agree with me. So if you have the patience of JOB, this laptop just may be for you. If not, don't waste your time."
2019,"This is my first Dell and I’ve called customer service twice for minor issues and they really go the extra mile, I’ve never experienced such great customer service before. Before purchasing my Dell laptop, I read about their renowned customer service and now I know it’s the real deal. My only complaint is the lackluster black generic case, miss having a shiny case; otherwise superb product."
2020,"This laptop was a Christmas gift for my wife.  It powered up and the setup was done without issue.  We used it for a day, doing web-based apps and even watched some YouTube videos with no issues.  We used it again a couple of days later, but the performance was very poor.  Screens would hang and freeze for extending periods.  It was unusable.  We powered down and closed the device.  We were out of town and returned home a week later.  It powered up and was useable for a little while (an hour or two), then again became slow.  When typing a word, each letter would take several seconds to complete.  It was extremely frustrating and disappointing so we have returned it."
2021,"Out of the box it was slow to start up and even slower to open any app. I spent days researching how to speed it up and still failed to get it to work. Issue others have with this model is for some reason, even with 16GB or more of Ram, it still has high CPU and high Disk use ongoing. Even when not doing anything. Activity monitor show this clearly. Worst part was I could not fix after a week(am pretty PC knowledgable), I contacted Dell and they finally concluded it must be a software issue and not hardware so I would have to pay them $99 to have tech help fix.Very let down since my first PC ever was a Dell XPS series that was awesome and lasted me 6 years.  It's a brand new PC and I have to pay to fix it. I thought he was joking. So I sent it back and ordered Macbook Pro."
2022,"Computer was ordered with both SSD and HDD drives. The operating system was installed on the SSD while the HDD was unformatted and could not be seen by Windows 10. I am glad I was savvy enough to use utilities to see if the HDD was indeed installed, otherwise I would have had to return to the vendor and pay the return shipping fees (UPS would have been $34). If I had sent this to my wife or other family members, they sure would have returned the computer for not having the purchased second drive (HDD)."
2023,"My new job as a department head for a city means I need to work almost anywhere on any given day - my office, a conference room, a public event, out in the Industrial Park or out of town. I have used this laptop for 60 days now in my car, my office, at the fire department, out in the desert at a solar farm and in three different cities. It just works everywhere and every time I need it. It connects instantly to my office wifi and my portable cellular signal hotspot every single time.The touchscreen is responsive and easy to use in tablet form or as a regular laptop. The ability to convert to a tablet has been immensely useful on the go for me - I bought the companion pen/stylus separately to add property line markers and such on satellite photos out in the field. I fold the computer and go into tablet mode seamlessly as needed. The overall processing speed is more than enough and I haven't experienced any lag at all even with multiple files, programs and functions going at once. It runs Microsoft Office and additional photo editing software and other stuff without any drama.I drag this laptop around in a padded case in a tote bag with various files I need for the day and it's light enough that I don't feel like I'm carrying an extra 10lbs of nonsense after a 10 hour day. My only real complaint is that the fingerprint reader is not always easy to use or fully functional. I have actually just quit messing with it entirely and instead use a 6 digit pin number to unlock the computer. It's been a dream for Zoom connections both in my office and on the go with the wifi hotpot only. I'm very glad I chose this laptop instead of the Surface or something different."
2024,This laptop was the best deal of Christmas 2020!! It's an amazing price for everything that comes with it! My 13 yo son uses it primarily for gaming and has only good things to say. Buy this!! You won't be disappointed!
2025,"The last laptop I bought - a Lenovo - had an optical drive. So nearly a decade old. But it was a total workhorse for work and home use. And needed replacement.After *lots* of reading and research I landed on the Samsung Galaxy Book Pro, in no small no part because my Samsung Galaxy 10+ phone has done so well.Also? This was in stock! Several others I looked at were either out when I started looking, or went to backorder while I was on the hunt. And the Amazon 5-payment plan was a little kinder on my budget.Screen is incredible. Backlit keyboard. RAM is nearly triple what my old machine had (16gb v 6), so using Photoshop now is no big deal while I'm using several other apps simultaneously. It sure used to be. And it takes about a second - yep - once you flip the screen open to wake.Downside? It's *very* thin and *very* light compared to my old machine, so that's taken some getting used to. I need to hold it in place while I open the screen. And right now it actually sits ON the old one when I'm working. But it's still new yet.Looks like it's a bit more expensive now ( I paid about $1100) but I think still a deal for what you'll be getting, esp if you haven't upgraded in a while as was my case.Highly recommend."
2026,Super fast laptop.The screen is beautiful. I love the light weight.Nice packing.Best laptop I've ever won.The sould quality is amazing for this thin laptop. (You will have to go to the sound setting and press the advance speaker quality to activate the best sound possible)
2027,This it's totally defected. I'm sending it tomorrow through UPS back to Amazon due to the fact that it will not charge. Stops at 44% and doesn't go on and it should charge in 30 minutes from what the information States. I am totally disappointed. There was no adapter in it either.
2028,"Llevo unas semanas con mi Samsung Galaxy Book Pro y estoy más que feliz con ella, porque es súper rápida, sensible y con una calidad de imagen en la pantalla super espectacular ¡Lo mejor de lo mejor! Y más siendo a ese precio."
2029,I absolutely hated windows 11 it's garbage and cost me down time trying to navigate is bs os
2030,"Having laptops provided by employer for several years, I hadn’t purchased in a while. Usually I think budget, but this time I splurged a bit and I am very happy.Super lightweight and very fast startup and waking. AMZN also providing good link for MS 365 Office"
2031,The laptop came with a faulty boot system and I had to install the Windows 11 from scratch to get it work. The laptop was unable to repair itself. It's actually a used one from the Amazon warehouse buy at least they should have warned that it might be defective.
2032,Great Sound! Easily the finest laptop audio you can ask for at this price. Screen flickering at lowering brightness and does not look sharp enough for Full HD resolution. AMOLED colors are great as usual. battery life is decent.
2033,Super fast machine. Fantastic screen resolution and color rendition. Lots of memory for manipulating big data files. Can't find anything to complain about. Writing code to do financial analysis on large Account Receivable files. The speed is amazing.
2034,"Great device, really like it. Lightweight, fast, quiet, long battery life. Best notebook I had ever!The only disadvantage found by now - camera quality is quite poor.Even my 5 years old macbook has better camera."
2035,"Just like that title says ... Nice Upgrade from my old Alienware-18 Gaming Laptop but the sound ABSOLUTELY SUCKS!. I had to buy a set of external speakers to go with it. It sounded like someone stuffed a pillow into the speakers, it is very muffled and beyond far too (fake-sounding) bassy."
2036,"This is a quote from the manual. I can understand if there are chemicals inside the device but if I have to wash my hands every time I even ""handle"" it, it is probably not safe. I returned it and wish this warning would have been included in its description as I would not have purchased it. This whole process caused a great inconvenience."
2037,"I've only had it a day but so far this machine is flawless. Very easy set up even if your not very computer literate. I've had the best performance/longevity with Asus computers throughout my lifetime more than other brands so I do not doubt its performance. I record music and this can definitely handle most of what I need. I do plan upgrading ram just for better plug in performance.  Overall I do recommend this seller as well, item came two days earlier and perfectly boxed. i will buy from again most definitely."
2038,"I'll make this simple.Pros: Modern, very capable CPU/GPU as of Q3 2021. NVMe included with a second slot for another, boots up in barely five seconds when plugged in. Screen quality and battery life top-notch. USBC charging via Thunderbolt 4 port (among other things). Armoury Crate button on keyboard. Extremely fair price, too.Cons: No 2.5"" drive port that I could see (will correct this review if there is one). Case and NVMe slot bolts on mine were screwed so tightly that I almost stripped them, had to get creative getting some of them off.Notes: has a second RAM slot, too. Mine came with a single 8GB stick and not two 4GB sticks. Also, this is the first PC I've owned that didn't immediately recognize the second NVMe drive I put in, but it just needed to be manually formatted. Works like a charm with two 512gb drives and 24GB RAM."
2039,"Bought this laptop as a lower level gaming PC. It arrived on time and in good condition, started as it should have. I had some problems playing any games at first as the drivers were not up to date, but when that was finished, it became possible to load them without crashing.That being said, this computer struggles to perform above a very low entry level as a gaming computer. It struggles to run minecraft, squad, halo reach, and skyrim. None of these should be particularly difficult games to run, but I have been experiencing intermittent low FPS (sometimes 20-30 on low settings) and very frequent crashes. This computer has a problem with any form of multitasking.All this being said- I believe these issues may all be related to the low amount of RAM. I will be upgrading the RAM to 16gb in a few weeks and IF you are going to purchase this laptop I recommend you do the same. If you are trying to decide between buying a gaming laptop or desktop PC I highly recommend the desktop. The only reason I purchased this was for work and mobility. But again, even as a work laptop, the RAM absolutely needs upgraded."
2040,I totally love this labtop I've owned Asus laptops before never ever let me down looks amazing love the lights on the keyboard it does get a little hot but thats normal for gameing labtops and desktop.gameing in general I feel for its price it should last a really long time best part asus offers a product protection plan 1yr free with this new purchase just have to register it online. Highly recommend for budget gaming. Only downs no Webcam no option to upgrade the hard drive so if you want more space you have to get a external hard drive also no optical drive but not to worry about that since I use it primary for games. Things I can work with.
2041,"I came with a bad battery. We got windows all set up and some preferences adjusted, unplugged it and it instantly died. It would not charge. It would not stay on if unplugged. Tried the various FAQ solutions, but nothing worked. Ended up on the phone with Asus. They sent us to a local warranty center for repair/replacement. We should get it back with a new battery and tested as working, but it is going to take over a week to complete. Disappointing, but there were a couple of other reviews warning about bad factory batteries. I guess we were unlucky and got one of the duds. It is what it is.EDIT: it took 10 days to get a new battery and get the laptop back. it works like a champ now. no real complaints. it does what it is supposed to do. as I said above, we were unlucky with the battery, but there were other reviewers who had the same thing happen. as the laptop works as it should now, review goes from a 1 toOnce we get it back and have a chance to actually use it, I will return here and change my 1 star to something else. Until then, for obvious reasons, I consider it to be a poor purchase and cannot recommend.EDIT: It took roughly 2 weeks for us to get the battery replaced for free under warranty and the laptop back in our hands. It works like a champ now. We have had time to use it and test it and now have zero complaints. Obviously, we would have preferred to have had a good one right out of the box, but the manufacturer did step right up and sent us to a local repair location and got it sorted out as quickly as they could. Our review goes from a 1 to a 4."
2042,Laptop was missing RAM when opened to try and figure out why it would not turn on. had to purchase ram and still did not turn on and boot contacted asus to be ignored on the phone kind of upsetting for an item that cost a lot of money. I dont know if i should get another one or just search else where for a different laptop. Was hoping to have this to cheer me up but has only made my mood worse
2043,"I gotta say, this PC's specs had me going. I was all excited and ready to game and work using this thing. Saw YT reviews and unboxing and was ready for it. Expected 70-90 fps with Warzone.Now comes the bad part. We got it and it came with it's default Asus settings and programs. Primarily controlled by th Armoury crate with no way of editing the settings to your likings or to get it's full power potential out of it. It kept switching profiles when it felt like it not matter what I did.I resorted to reset it. but BOOM armoury crate was still embedded in the OS and there was no way around it.Third time's a charm right. I removed the M.2 and formatted that bad boy. It then refused to read it. Simple fix for that. Had to change a Bios setting to make it readable. Finally got the OS installed WITHOUT the Asus ARMOURY Crate.I saw IMMEDIATE improvement. with the proper settings and controlling the power setting and performance settings indpendent of the appit's an ok PC. Steadily at 70-80 FPS which is manageable given it's low Ram specs.Final thought - if you are a beginner int the PC world and are lookng to game on this, DO NOT BUY IT. Get a different brand. IT will be a headache if you choose to proceed. I'm pretty computer savvy and it took me all of a month to get it to decentIf it's for work GO AHEAD. It's a BEAST on that endIf it's for streaming, DO NOT BUY. With my capture card and Vmix software I kept getting horrible lags and the GPU timings were all the way at 17ms. ETERNITY if all you're doing is video blogging.If ASUS fixes the armoury crate or at least make it optional, this PC can be better. I'll then improve my rating but because of that. 2 stars is all it gets."
2044,"I might update this at a later date if I find something to be good or bad, and please note I am not a professional reviewer, I'm just basing this on how it fits my needs.Pros:-Great deal for the price-Extremely portable-Great battery-Great build quality-Great Design-Great upgradability for storage and RAM-relatively small chargerCons:-No Camera-Fans can get somewhat loud-Only 4GB of vram which might be enough for future games-The charging port is in the middle left side of the laptop instead of the top left"
2045,I've always been a big fan of Asus. When i dived in to the market for a gaming laptop and looked at other Asus products found out that their pricing is pretty high (probably justified but still high). Weeks of searching later found this and even though i was a little skeptical cause of the 4 core cpu i decided to get this and let me tell you I don't regret. The nvdia 3050i should indeed pair with 6 or 8 core cpu's but for the price it still Ed oes a great job. It may not be super future proof but it's still giving me great performance on most games that came up until 2021. Paired with the Xbox game pass for PC this machine is a solid purchase. Fan is not crazy loud and battery life is excellent. Screen and Trackpad are just fine but you're getting more than you paid for. Recommended.
2046,"No touch screen or camera, slow for an i5 with 16gb RAM and the 1gb ADATA SSHD is the cheapest POS available.  The price is $100 higher than it should be, and the USB recovery thumb drive did not work and contained NO documentation or usable recovery instructions.  Facts, not up for debate.  This is a salvaged unit, lagging keyboard and faulty touchpad.  Everything had to be updated and that includes drivers which I had to find on my own, zero seller support.  Even with obvious defects the seller makes the buyer pay return shipping.  Always a red flag!!!"
2047,"Received one computer.  it started once and on restart would not restart Windows.  Called customer support.  They were solicitous and tried to help but ""No Go"".  Recommend I return to AMAZON for replacement.  Did so.  Upon arrival, new computer started once and then would not restart.  Exact same problem!  Returned for refund.  Get two stars for good customer service (Vendor and AMAZON). Sorry but I need a working computer ASAP.  Bought this one because my old one failed.  Will have to try another vendor."
2048,"Amazon renewed. They claim it will look almost new with little to no signs of wear. The first one they sent me did indeed look almost new. Too bad it didn't work. The screen was black and would not turn on. I sent it back for replacement. I can't complain about the performance of the replacement. It works great. But it is pretty beat up. There are some pretty serious scuffs on the case as well as a couple of scratches on the screen. One of the keys has been replaced with a completely different looking one and another key is so worn out you can't read it. Luckily I know what's supposed to be there. Someone had written ""Attitude"" above the screen that you can see when the light hits it right. There are signs of repair to some of the covers on the sides. But, like I said, it works great and it came with everything they said it would. So, if you are OK with spending this kind of money for a used laptop that works good, go for it. I'm keeping it."
2049,"We purchased the refurbished toughbook for automotive shop use. I was a bit leery about buying a refurb unit due to a prior bad experience with another vendor. The unit arrived in better shape than expected. It arrived quickly and we were impressed with it's functionality and abilities. The real test and most impressive part of the purchase came a few days later when the unit would not boot up. My heart sank,here we go again. We called the tech line and surprisingly a person answered who was knowledgeable and courteous. He apologized for the issue and began instructing my technician how to trouble shoot the problem. Within a few minutes it was determined that a stick of ram was faulty. He instructed my tech to remove the one stick of ram as the unit would function with one of the 8 meg sticks removed. Once that was done the unit started and functioned. The person then promised to ship us a replacement immediately, which he did. The replacement stick arrived within 2 days. That's how service should be. Excellent company to deal with and we are looking forward to purchasing another unit from them. It's nice to see a company care about what they are selling and are willing to stand behind their product. Great job!! Highly recommended."
2050,"This laptop looks vaguely like a VCR from the 1980's. It isn't thin or particularly compact, but it's great. I've had bad luck with the last 3 laptops I've had... the battery in one of them was trying to start a fire (the battery was not replaceable), the other two just suddenly stopped working... and they were pricey gaming laptops. I gave up on laptops for awhile.This one caught my attention in a facebook ad, if for nothing other than how unique it looked. Wasn't even aware Panasonic made laptops. Saw that it was highly rated, thought it over, decided to give it a chance.First, about the laptop itself. I haven't done any torture tests, nor do I intend to... but I would guess that this laptop does live up to its name, ""Toughbook."" It isn't thin or graceful or elegant, it doesn't apologize for taking up space. It's beefy. I love it. The keyboard feels great, as does the area I rest my wrists on while typing. Perhaps the one thing I love the most about it is that If you look at the underside, you'll see a number of removable panels. Unlike many modern laptops, these are made to be fixable with replaceable parts.On to the refurb job. If this looks used, it is very gentle use. It's clean, the keys don't seem worn down,  I don't see any cosmetic flaws that stand out. I'm not sure I would say it feels new... but that may be because it looks like something from the 1980's. It has the feel of an old friend. Windows 10 was already installed, and most of the steps it makes you go through when you get a new computer had already been done, which is kinda nice - that can be pretty time consuming, and it can kill your bandwidth while its downloading dozens of updates in the background.It arrived quickly, in good shape, and included an AC adapter and a rather nice carry bag for travel."
2051,"Bought this because I needed a laptop that would survive being used in an automotive shop!  This laptop is  durable and has plenty of usb ports.  I also, love the carrying handle.  Battery last about an hour during continued use."
2052,"Excellent packing, super fast shipping,  works like a charm.***Updated to add that at less than 60 days of intermittent daily use the AC adapter went out and would not power the computer anymore. Troubleshooting revealed that it is no longer useable and ended up having to purchase an aftermarket power adapter...***"
2053,"Since I've been using this lap top, I have never seen such a durable and well equipped machine. Having a hard time seeing keyboards while doing late night work , the light up keyboard is clear and bright. 2tb of SSD with 16gig Ram make this computer quick and allows it to store a lot more than the JP Touchscreen I bought with only 250gig ssd. Windows 10 pro is a plus. For $700, this machine is definitely worth it."
2054,"The slim computers slip through my weak hands. This Panasonic Toughbook has a handle on it so I can hold it better. I have dropped a couple of computers.  It's a very good up-to-date computer with Microsoft and everything else I need.  This computer is also waterproof.  One of my cats jumped at the same time I was putting my covered water glass on the table.  anyway, my computer got drenched and ruined.  So, I hope I have this Panasonic Computer for a long time."
2055,This laptop is fantastic. I got it for my mom who's a medic to use to write up patient reports and do her paramedic schooling on. It works just like new.Unfortunately liquid got on the bottom of it. It worked fine after letting it air out but now it's not doing so good.Their tech support was very understanding and tried their best to help but it looks like we'll just have to go in and see if it can get repaired or order a replacement. If we have to we're definitely going to be buying from here again.I really appreciate you guys trying to help us despite it being a problem on our end.Thank you
2056,The first week I used it was fine and fast. Then windows 11 updated and this laptop it came with a lot of software and hardware problems after using it for two weeks.
2057,Pantalla
2058,"Fast, thoughtfully designed, and complete - adaptable large format laptops have gotten so they can wear a lot of hats and wear them all well. The all glass edge-to-edge screen is an elegant touch, and so is the Intel I7 processor at a price like this. I could have opted for a top end screen, but I'm glad I didn't - it would have come at the price of a touchscreen and battery life, and the screen I spec'd is gorgeous anyway. An observation - wizards, prompts and pick lists have become ubiquitous on new machines and they're welcome - setup is much simpler these days. A fast, clean machine - recommended."
2059,"I looked long and hard to find a laptop with most of features I wanted and needed.I primarily purchased this to do photo editing and potentially some light video editing. So far, I have had no issues running 10 bruiser tabs, Photoshop, 2 browser windows, and 3 other programs...all at once!Are the a few things I might want changed? Of course - am I wanting to pay a lot more for that, nope.The screen, is gorgeous with plenty of brightness and color to it. The backlit keyboard is great and the speed of startup and use is amazing, especially compared to my old standard hard drive based laptop.My only two issues are these - limited to 12Gb (kind of silly in my opinion and should have had 2 slots for 8Gb each instead of 4Gb soldered and 1 slot for 8GB) and with the screen being to the edge I'm always concerned I'm going to damage the screen by putting pressure on it.Otherwise I really love this laptop and would highly recommend it!"
2060,"The TV is fine, the picture is good, it works. I almost always watch TV via the fire stick. I can be in the middle of watching just about anything and the picture and sound will just go away. Sometimes I have to turn the TV off and on to get it to work but sometimes I have to cut the power for a few minutes and turn it back on. It always comes back but it's really annoying to be watching something and have it just stop. Of course it's didn't start happening until after the return time was up."
2061,"Win 10 ""S"" mode is a pain in the butt to get rid off, as u need an microsoft account. otherwise this one is a fast pc. opens apps in 5 sec like photoshop etc. 16gb memory is a ++++++"
2062,MARAVILLADA CON LA COMPUTADORA ES MUY LIGERA Y MUY VELOZ
2063,Easy to set up! I'm not a technologically advanced and I'm having no problems finding what I need on this laptop.  A little bigger than I wanted but wouldn't trade it now!!!
2064,"I can't believe it's not disclosed that the RJ-45 jack on this is ten year old technology...an internet choking Realtek 10/100. I'm getting less than 1/3 of my DL speed (exactly the same as my ANCIENT laptop I was replacing!) For one of my jobs, I am required to use a cabled ethernet connection...PLEASE disclose this in the product description! Wish I could return it!"
2065,Disappointed in the camera and speakers. Camera is not crisp and speakers sound like a 1970s transistor radio. The computer is fast and that was my main goal. My old HP Envy was better.
2066,"I had it for less than 5 months, (the first 2 months I never used it because I was still working off my Acer that I had for 5 yrs with no problems), then the next two I used both my Acer and this one as I slowly made the transition. Starting at the end of March until now <5/24/2021> I used it full time and I have never dropped it, spilled anything on it, nothing  and it is already a paperweight! It wont stay on for more than 5 minutes, my battery is fine and zero viruses.  Its crap,  high dollar sh!t, save your money!"
2067,"Outstanding laptop with state of the art processors and graphics. Relatively light, it is the perfect home office device for our small business. It also has a dedicated ten key which is a boon in the accounting business."
2068,"Typical Dell Laptop. The memory upgrade was with cheap RAM not Dell recommend memory, and the NVMe was not seated correctly and it originally gave me Hard Drive Missing errors until I reseated it correctly."
2069,"Looked like the hard gun metal flat surface, but it's actually cheap plastic... Not what I expected, so I returned it. Not happy that the seller didn't refund me the entire price (minus the shipping) for it, after I emailed them twice to please refund my almost $1,000. It was still brand new returned... just open box. They took out almost $350 from my refund, which is ridiculous, because all I did was take it out and look at it. Still not happy, and would never buy anything else from them again."
2070,"The Dell 3593 laptop ,that i purchase is defective and Amazon or  Odysien  the seller ,Dell  manufacture  refuses to honor that the computer  is defective because after i finally realize that it was. after the period that Amazon would accept  a refund. My point is that  i was not asking for a refund just a replacement or exchange.  which is not mention in their refund policy.  All three interties  refused an  exchange. I don't know if this particular model is defective. but my model 3593 laptop is and no will accept  the responsibilty"
2071,"So far so good... Wish it had better video quality... I got it for my 11 year old daughter for online school, so they do a lot of videos for different classes... The video quality isn't the best... However, big ass screen, she loves that compare to her Chromebook. Still navigating our way since we just got it a few days ago... But so far, we love it... I'm finding myself on it a lot when she's not using it, which is almost never... She doesn't want to get off it...lol."
2072,"Had trouble getting the S mode off so I could use outside sources.  over 4 hours of trying with my ""paid"" computer service company, and 2 hours with Dell support person and my ""paid"" computer service.  returned unit"
2073,"When I received the laptop it took me about a month to get all my programs and documents on it.  It worked good besides the battery life only lasted a few hours.  I have only been using it for a few months and one day it no longer would turn on.  No lights, no hope of any sort of power, power cord is fine, checked everything else I found to check on every forum and nothing..."
2074,"This computer is great, fastest booting ever. I enjoy the Win-10-s operating system."
2075,"ran benchmark tests and based on my use in lightroom and photoshop, the one-year-old Surface book 3 i own still runs a bit faster than this studio laptop. also when using GPU the battery drains much quicker.not a upgrade if you're looking for a performance boost."
2076,"This is my third ""Surface"" system, and I loved each. The form factor of the Surface Laptop Studio is hands down the best yet. Performance is fast and the keys and touch screen are great. I would definitely recommend this platform."
2077,"Super happy with this laptop. I use it for some fairly heavy photo/video editing and as my daily/travel laptop. It functions perfectly as my daily work laptop (email, office suite, contracts, budgets, etc.), but has sufficient processing capacity and memory to support my photo/video editing. As a HUGE plus, the fact that this folds flat as a tablet has ensured that I pretty much never use my older iPad anymore as this replaces that device as well for home/couch use. In short, i've been super happy with this device and would recommend it to anyone. I'd also recommend pairing with the new Microsoft Dock 2 as it allows for connecting to all peripherals + multiple monitors. My only beef with the Surface Studio is that it has only  (2) USB 3 ports and (1) audio port (nothing else) which means you need a USB 3 hub for peripherals on the go (including card readers, etc.). All that said, its a very small complaint given the balance of the benefits/quality of the device."
2078,"Very good operation experience, nice screen. Significant improvement on screen & keyboard match and protection.But the battery seems much less  hours than indicated."
2079,"Now let me preface this by being clear. I am an undergraduate computer science student. My father pretty much gave this computer to me as a gift during Christmas just for something to take notes on. I use the Whiteboard app a lot in fact to be able to take notes on it. I understand that you could type out the notes on a computer or whatever but I prefer using a notebook but at the same time I need to know what I'm writing about and a notebook can only grant me so much space. So this may not be a device for everyone but it is for me at least for the version I got.After two months with this product I could safely say this is a very good product that Microsoft has made. I have used it a little for drawing here and there and it does a fine job and for note-taking it's a great device with a bit of flaws.Goods*The screen is extremely high-quality. The gloss may turn some people off but I think it's great it does get a little dusty but that's easy to clean up.*The mouse pad is great. It reminds me of the MacBook mouse pad but it's much more responsive and smooth.*The keyboard took me time to get used to, especially considering this is the first time I ever used the laptop without any num keys.*The speakers get as loud as I want them to be but audio definitely sounds crisp and extremely high quality.*The way that the device switches from laptop mode to tablet mode is pretty simple for the most part, there is one thing that however concerns me but I'll get to that later I like the little bit of tilt that it has on the upper level because it gives me a better elevation to where I want to write.*The magnets are really helpful and strong when it comes to me putting the pen close to the computer.Bads*The battery life because it runs out very fast whenever I'm using the device like I was in class for 50 minutes one time and it drained very fast. I was at full100% battery and at the end of class it drained to 36%.*No USB ports I know more devices are using the USB C Port right now but the limited amount of the USB option really does bug me personally considering that I still have more devices that uses a standard USB cable over a USB C I understand that I could probably buy an adapter for that or whatever but it would have been nice to have more options for the device rather than just 2 USB C port. I'm not saying they should go all in and include two USB ports on the left and one on the right but at least one would have been nice.*There's no way to lay the screen flat on the table in tablet mode. This is one of the biggest problems because one thing I liked about other surface devices is that they would allow me to position the device anyway I wanted. However with this one you don't get as many options all you get was the flat bit tilted tablet mode and a viewing mode as you could say. This brings me to the biggest problem with the device and this may sound minor to many people but for me it kind of scares me.*The tablet to laptop mode hinges scares me to the point where I think if I bend it enough it's going to break. I'm not sure when it will happen but I will make sure to update people when it does. Because the device looks very sensitive and again it scares me and I usually don't get scared of this type of thing but I am for this one. When I am writing or drawing I exert a lot of pressure on a table surface or notebook that is how I feel comfortable when I write or draw and on this device I get scared every time I do something like that.*It is a little overpriced for it's specs and functionality.  256gb ssd is good but for $1,500 that's too much. Considering that there are laptops with the same functionality and better specs this was a bit expensive for what it is.Overall this is a great device may not be for everyone but it is great non the less for me. It will not automatically replace a tablet for those that have one and may not be the best tool for artist. But considering that there are people that may want a device that has the same functions of a tablet but also be able to use it as a computer this is a very good device for them if they are ok with the pricing. Keep in mind the version that I bought was not ment for gaming I didn't buy it to play video games, so for those that are getting this there is gonna be alot of restrictions when it comes to gaming."
2080,"The screen is beautiful, and the touchscreen response is great. The dedicated GPU is fine to run smaller games. There has been some screen flickering while using but this could potentially be fixed with a software update. Battery life is so far lasting just enough for 8ish hours with web browsing and using office products. It is definitely overpriced. If you don't need gaming or the touch screen, but instead performance for things like video editing, then a MacBook is without a doubt the product to get. This product is mostly for people that want a decent computer with adequate to mediocre performance for the price, a beautiful display with touchscreen capabilities, and a high refresh screen, all while keeping decent temperature. At first, I thought the 4 lbs. wouldn't be too noticeable since I used to have a 15-inch gaming laptop with about the same weight, but considering the smaller size of the surface and one of the main points going for it was the touchscreen, it actually does start feeling heavy."
2081,"It's fast, screen is great, battery life is so-so.I wish it had better battery life, a better (8-core or more) CPU, and a better GPU....but this thing is still great. The ease with which I can switch from laptop to tablet is great, and the trackpad and keyboard are THE BEST you can get on a windows laptop.I use it for software development mostly, lots of VMs, some 3D modeling and it performs well...I was hoping I could sell my desktop after buying this, and its looking like I will..Definitely recommend, if you can stomach the price...which is high!"
2082,"My unit has weird behavior of the touchpad. When haptic feedback works it sounds like double click. Sometimes after waking up from sleep a very light touch would activate haptic feedback. Only after sometime this issue goes away. Unfortunately, I have to send it back. Too bad that Amazon doesn't provide a replacement :(UPDATE:I checked unit in Best Buy and it has absolutely same sensitivity issue. It doesn't have double clicking sound when I press though. I'd say that initially you going to be satisfied with this product but at some point you'll start noticing some issues such as:- Sometimes pointer would jump back to a previous position when you press touchpad. It looks like a software glitch, but over course of 6 months it wasn't addressed  (you can search on Reddit about other people reporting this issue).- You'll notice sometimes after pulling laptop out from a backpack touchpad becomes very sensitive. You won't be able to figure for a long time what's going on, but eventually you'll find out that putting laptop to sleep and flipping it upside down for 10 seconds reproduces issue. Weird, huh?- Eventually, in tablet mode you'll find out when you press on the screen near one of the edges it moves and slightly hits laptop's base which produces annoying sound. That happens because display is slightly bent in the middle on that side. You'll take a ruler to figure if that's true and you'll find that not only that side is bent/bowed but all sides of display aren't straight. It might be normal though but I'm not sure if it should be this way. I see that other laptops I own have some sort of curvature, but I never noticed it because that laptop do not have touch displays.If you decide to buy this laptop then you should lower your expectations below MacBook Pro (I own 2019). Just put its quality at the level of all other laptops out there cuz it's neither better nor worse.Keyboard is good though :)"
2083,"I have to say that this is the second Microsoft Surface product I have purchased over the course of four years. Previously I have a surface laptop 2 for my wife, and it seems not powerful enough to handle the school work she has to design for students. Everything looks vivid on the screen, and the aluminum chassis screams for supreme quality. However, that is not what you have expected. Within the first week, the first unit came up with a vertical green line on the screen. The troubleshooting steps provided by Microsoft are miserable. Ironically, feedbacks from the user communities are surprisingly good. (How the heck a tech giant failed to accomplish an entry level introduction to test their devices?)Amazon pushed us to visit Microsoft for RMA, which costs us $19.99 for shipping even it is their quality issue. I don’t understand why the shipping costs exist in the first place.The second unit seems to be alright after one month use. However, the USB C to display output seems not stable. It could be the issue with the chipset design.Overall, it is a 11th gen intel CPU, but only with 4 cores. If you really consider it as a “studio” machine, you are……. You need to look elsewhere!"
2084,"He usado diferentes Dell XPS, Asus, HP, entre otros equipos. De todo lo que he probado, éste es por mucho el mejor PC que he tenido el placer de usar. Su pantalla táctil está aún por debajo de una pantalla táctil de un móvil o una tablet, la experiencia de uso con el lápiz no supera la experiencia de Samsung con el Galaxy Note. Sin embargo, como PC es suficiente para las tareas que requieren lo mejor de ambos mundos, PC y tablet. Eso es algo que no se consigue con ningún equipo excepto este."
2085,"Lenovo i5 Idea pad 3 2021 (new): My computer literacy rate is 5 on a scale of 1 to 10. This would be about the eighth laptop I have owned over 17 years and easily the worse. In that its ease of set seem to lock me out of the admin feature. So, I can't load programs on to it. The program does NOT give me a admin button. There are instructions on how to fix this online, but it's brand new I shouldn't have to do that - I gave it a good faith effort, but the quirks were too much. Among them is not giving the option of having no sign in password and having to give the computer an email. So my email (the one I gave at start up) shows up on screen every time it sleeps. Also, something I was willing to live with, the screen is bad and less clear than any screen I've had post 2002. It is grainy and is bright in a way that can't be fixed (I tried). I've never owned a chrome book (this is not a chrome book) but this is how I imagine they work. The feel is cheap, couldn't keep up with how much personal information and passwords it needed and there are tons of stuff being sold to you all the time. Adds all over every site I went to. A lot of security is based on you giving third party companies your information. I gave it a week, but not being able to use it as the administrator makes it useless to me (likely because of how I set it up??).  Don't buy this computer. I am off the Lenovo train."
2086,"Got this computer today, returning it as soon as I get shipper.  In answered questions it was stated it has a backlit keyboard.  As of today it was asked again and they said no.  Who answers these questions???Also every time it touched the touchpad it rattled."
2087,"I ordered a laptop with Windows 10 Pro and instead, I got a laptop with Windows 10 Pro in S mode, which won't allow you to install ANY product that isn't sold on the Windows Store.  That means no Adobe Acrobat, Illustrator, Photoshop or AutoCad can be installed on this computer.  When you try to switch it out of S mode, it reverts to Windows 10 Home, which is NOT what I purchased and NOT as advertised."
2088,"I habe to say this first - it came 3 days EARLY! love this laptop.....so far. I just got it and set it up, it's faster and easier than I thought it would be."
2089,We gave this Lenovo IdeaPad 3 to our granddaughter for Christmas. She is so happy with it. She loves the touch screen and will be using it for some of her online school work. She loves playing her games on it. So far it rates 5 stars with us. I will rate again in a few weeks when she has had more time using it.
2090,got this for my son to use for his online college classes - its small but not too small and has so far worked perfectly - he uses for a lot of zoom classes with no problem - no problems
2091,I am not sure if this is actually an 2021 Lenovo edition because sometimes what I see online isn't what I am expecting to have.
2092,"Originally thought it had back-lit keys. It doesn't, but not a deal breaker. Super lightweight.  Great laptop!"
2093,"Very nice! Slim and lightweight. We love the silver appearance. Screen resolution is a little low but for the price, well worth it!"
2094,"Amazing product, and very fast processorHighly recommended"
2095,"I got this mostly for photo, video editing and 3d graphics and it handles everything very well.The only game I play on it is SuperTuxCart (which runs great at around 111 fps full screen).It has an ethernet port that's rarely found on newer laptops and was one of the reasons I chose it.The pdf manual showing how to use this laptop is found in a folder AFTER you power on the laptop set up Windows 10 Pro.It would have been very helpful if I could have seen it BEFORE since I was not familiar with all the keys.Later, I found it available online. I should have checked there first.But if you're familiar with laptops, especially MSI, you should have no problems.I use Windows 10 in dark mode.The screen is super BLACK where it's supposed to be black.That's the first thing you notice about the OLED screen.The colors are brilliant.I also use an external monitor, Dell S2722QC 27-inch 4K UHD, and adjusted the colors on it according to the laptop's very accurate screen.I don't carry this machine around.It sits in one place plugged into the huge power supply.Largest I've ever seen and almost as heavy as the laptop!It might not be one you'd want to carry around but I understand the very large battery will last a long time on a full charge.The solid aluminum body makes it feel like an indestructible tank and probably helps in dissipating heat.I like the cooling fans you can turn on and off so you don't have to hear it all the time.It's something you may not need to use, depending on what you are doing.Otherwise, it makes no noise at all when the fan is off and the fan noise, to me, is not bad.It all depends on your environment.It sounds more like a quiet air conditioner than a computer fan.I keep it on top of a wire oven rack that gives the laptop about 1/2 inch of space underneath.Under heavy usage, the laptop barely gets warm."
2096,"1) This is not IPS, attached is a photo comp of my Dell gaming PC with a true HD IPS screen, the screen maintains perfectly at various viewing angles. This HP is horrible, if you move your head around even a little bit the screen contrast changes massively. Even HP's website does not list it as IPS. Merely as 'HD touchscreen'.2) Keyboard is VERY hard to see, the key markings are almost invisible and the backlight is very weak. And there are no F keys, weird!3) The only good parts are that it's very light and it does run very fast (boots up in seconds and shuts down in seconds).But the screen issues make it completely unusable for me. There is no way I would even try to edit a photo on it, you cannot trust the brightness, shadows, or contrast since if changes a HUGE amount just by barely changing your viewing angle."
2097,"My HP Pavilion arrived yesterday afternoon on schedule. So far, I love it: set up after taking it out of the box was super easy and quick to do, I've been able to customize it to my liking without incident, and it looks and feels sleek and well-made. The screen is larger than anticipated, but this has been much appreciated when watching YouTube videos and movies on Netflix and such. The only things that have been kind of annoying thus far are the fact that the touchscreen has a tendency to get pretty dirty, and the battery life isn't the greatest if I have a lot of programs running simultaneously; it's advertised as up to 8 hours and 45 minutes, but I've averaged between 5-6 hours on a full charge. I think these things can be remedied by doing a bit more research on measures to conserve battery life and purchasing a screen cleaning kit. Overall, I recommend this laptop for anyone looking to purchase something well-made, easy-to-use and under $800."
2098,"This computer was wonderful, but only for 32 days. At that time it locked up. After days on the phone with HP techs, and losing all of my data, they said I must return it for repair. They said I would receive a box & instructions in 2 days. It has now been 5 days, and still no box has arrived. An extremely frustrating experience. It has been 2 weeks since it quit, and it’s no closer to being fixed than the day it quit."
2099,"I bought this one after dropping my previous laptop. I have really enjoyed it. My only somewhat complaint is that the clamshell doesn’t open quite enough so it sometimes feels odd. Other than that, I have enjoyed it."
2100,This laptop meets every need it was intended for. Seamlessly transitions between programs and apps. The screen isn't viewable at every angle but that was known before purchase. Great school computer.
2101,This system has been a disappointment. It was advertised as a windows 10 but shortly after purchase it locked me out and prompted for a recovery key. Amazon connected me to the manufacturer hp. hp referred me to Microsoft and Microsoft referred me back to hp. It has been a real to and fro between talking with the support teams of hp and Microsoft to resolve the issue. The issue is still not resolved. Very disappointing!
2102,"So far, the product has met my expectations. But it hasn't been long, so we'll see."
2103,"Beautiful piece of machinery, windows 11 works smoothly. Very pleased!"
2104,Just Perfect!!
2105,"When I saw this Laptop here on Amazon sold by seller Eluctronix, as exactly as I configured at the HP website , I did not hesitate to get it immediately. I have noticed that stock of this laptop, especially the 11th generation i7 Intel iris  processor is going off the shelves...fast. My HP customized to order laptop is not ready until the end of the month, this Laptop was delivered to me in 3 days! Instant gratification!Set up was user friendly and connected to my devices with no problems.. Most of the install process was automated by Microsoft though sometimes intrusive.Laptop is performing as I expected. Start-up is blazing fast and internet browsing is smooth and instant.Connectivity is truly amazing with this Laptop as I now extend it to a monitor and big screen TV and booming with my 2 external speakers. Even my phone is now linked.Months of speculation, configuration and hesitation to transition to Windows 10 from Windows 7 is truly an exhilarating experience. Can't find any cons at this time..Thank you Eluctronix and Amazon for facilitating my wishes come true."
2106,"Ryzen 7 5800H, RTX3070 Model.Came with 16gb ram, i upgraded it to 64gb.Came with 1tb m2, i added another 1tb m2.This thing is insanely powerful. I have no issues with mine and it arrived very quickly!Screen is 16:10 1600p 165hz, smooth as butter and vibrant! Very nice didplayI highly recommend getting this laptop and performing the upgrades."
2107,"I dislike reviews with no photos so I added a bunch. Pros: It can earlier than expected.  For 1500, the performance is unmatched. I manage to get 70-80 fps on ultra settings for rdr2 easily. For less demanding games like valorant I get 165 hz on the max settings. All I did was switch it to performance mode and didn’t even try other performance boosting settings yet.Cons: Build quality is alright, not going to be the best looking or best quality for this price point. It heavy of course, but it not as bad as I imagined. Holding it with one hand is more than possible but it not convenient.The battery life is okay-ish. I managed to get around 5-6 hours web browsing by switching everything to battery saving and turning on quiet mode with 30 brightness. If you want to play games at home then bring it to work or school then it not going to be fun switching the settings to get 6 hours of battery life. Bringing the adapter is also not convenient as it heavy and takes up space. I would recommend buying a 100w GaN if you want to charge it outside.Aside from that there’s not much to criticize. If portability is important then the g15 might be better, but nothing beats this laptop in terms of performance for 2000 dollars or less. So if you want a powerful desktop replacement that you can carry if needed then, this is great. I only have gotten for a few days so I will update if anything changes."
2108,Great laptop arrived early great condition. Only thing wrong is the ram is not very good but buy some good ram and you'll probably get about a 10% fps increase.
2109,"Powerful! I upgraded mine right away with 32gb ram and put in an extra 1tb storage so I can have all kinds of games. This thing is more powerful then my desktop sporting a 2070 and 3700x! Screen is amazing, nothing like gaming at 160+ frames per second, butter smooth!!! Make sure to turn off hybrid mode, update bios, and put it into performance mode (do all of that through legion advantage). Happy with my purchase, and got it here for cheeper then anywhere else after 3 days of research. Do not regret my purchase! Oh and came one day early, pleasent surprise. Only downside is battery life isn't that good, but I keep it on discrete graphics so that's a given. About 1 hour battery life unless you go into hybrid mode and lose some frames. Still powerful in hybrid though!"
2110,Battery is closer to 6 hours and it isn't touch screen oc. Good PC
2111,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   Really good"
2112,"The laptop goles fast and smooth, I've been playing Cyberpunk 2077 and Forza Horizon 5 both on ultra settings and goes amazing. Fans can be a bit noisy but is not a huge problem. Also the lenovo vantage app is good to set up keyboard lights, fan speed, hybrid Mode, battery conservación. Loving this laptop."
2113,Good for gaming
2114,"Beware, this PC does not support virtualization, so if you are planning on using Hyper-V or VirtualBox, VMWare, etc - this will not work. Lenovo Support confirmed this. So, this is not a good workstation, maybe fine as a gaming PC for unsophisticated user. The OS comes with so much bloatware, I had to reinstall the OS from sratch."
2115,"About 2 days into using this computer it bricked itself, I'm not sure if it was a bio update faulty power supply  Or perhaps some bad components. Lenovo sent to a technician to Change my motherboard, computer worked for Maybe a hour after he left and then it killed itself again. Now it's on route To a repair depot because antonline. Refuse to tell me whether or not they could replace the computer or give me a full refund. They have some cryptic text about a restocking fee. all their support seems to be all automated robots  I haven't been able to get ahold of a single human being. To voice my grievance. which shows a lack of accountability and an unwillingness to stand by their products.  The computer itself is the best reviewed computer on the market but this reseller Has left a bad taste in my mouth. Pay the extra $300 get it straight from lenovo. This middleman  Sold me a broken computer and  Claim that lenovo is responsible for refund and replacement. But all lenovo will do is repair it. Next time buy me wine and dinner before you fornicate me."
2116,"Fast, very sharp screen, easy to setup.  I recommend it."
2117,Great little computer.... My wife loves it.  Thanks Amazon for fast delivery.
2118,Los ventiladores suenan bastante y se calienta un poco. Pero el rendimiento es excelente
2119,Arrived on time and my wife loves her new Dell. Just what she needed.
2120,New Dell laptop would not hold charge and  company would not issue full refund when returned within 10 days to seller. Would not recommend purchases from Chief Computers-a jobber for computers. Not a reliable company.
2121,Good
2122,Works great
2123,I bought this computer for Christmas and have used it very lightly. All of the sudden today it got very hot and now it won’t turn on. Meanwhile my 8 year HP Omen is working well though it is old and much slower. I am returning this back tomorrow luckily for me it is the last day to return so I just made the cut off day for returns. Lesson learn I will go to Best Buy to buy my next laptop as soon as Amazon refunds me my money for this scrap of junk.. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE.
2124,I purchased the asus laptop on cyber Monday I got it delivered on December and since then its been nothing but problems. This computer does nothing but freeze called asus customer service since replacement isn't a option... they had me go to the bios utility...that didn't work so I installed windows to think that would help but nope even with windows 11 it still freezes. It was a laptop for business. So now I have to look at other brands I think im done with asus.Beware before you buy amd 5600H. This laptop is very fast and the speakers a very good.
2125,I am writing this review for the 90-day warranty but I am genuinely excited about the product. Just set it up and it's as advertised. Physically a very solid laptop.
2126,I am writing this review for the 90-day warranty.Been using it for a week and it is working fine. Good exterior design and came with a nice laptop case. The keyboard layout is great and the touchpad is smooth to use. The sound quality of speaker (by harman / kardon) is pretty good for a laptop.
2127,"The touchpad is simply amazing on this device, It's glass so it's super smooth to use. The battery life is good however you obviously won't get the full 15 hours, I think 12 hours is a better estimate for everyday use and 15 hours is only for video playback. In terms of speed, the ryzen 5 5600h is great the laptop has always been fast and reponsive(if you're wondering this processor is slightly faster then the m1 macbook air's multicore cpu processing speed. The gpu is integrated so it will be slower than anything with a dedicated gpu when it comes to gaming and video editing). The screen is nice as it is anti-glare with 100% sRGB. The one thing I want to point out about this device is the price because for 900 canadian(got mine for 899) you're getting something that is worth atleast 200 dollars more."
2128,"Este equipo es una gran adquisición, tiene una gran potencia y velocidad en  tamaño impresionante. La bateria rinde la jornada completa por lo que no tendrán problemas de quedarse sin energía, además el cargador rapido levanta 60% en una hora. Hasta ahora ha funcionado sin problema y la actualización a windows 11 fue sencilla y sin complicaciones. Solo consideren  qué la memoria RAM no puede ampliarse, los 8 Gb funcionan para ofimática y navegacion."
2129,"Aside from the shipping issue I had that came straight from Amazon, the laptop was pretty good. The only issue was the screen had a yellow tint. I tried all (literally) the troubleshooting available on the internet and also contacting Asus for help. In the end they said it was defective. I sent it back. It's pointless to buy a laptop with an OLED screen if it's bad quality. I'm having another one sent so I'll update this review when I get the next one. It would be 5 stars if it wasn't for the screen issue.BTWSpec:1135 CPU12 GB RamIn cased you were confused by the description.Update:Received the 2nd one. It has the same issue. Asus said it may be due to the Asus Splendid software. That software can't be uninstalled. Unistalling all the Asus software didn't fix it. Neither did installing a fresh Windows 10 directly from Microsoft that didn't have the Asus software. I'll be returnung the 2nd one and getting a refund."
2130,"This zippy laptop has a great screen, nice keyboard/trackpad, good battery, lightweight, plenty of RAM and storage -- an excellent budget 15.6 inch laptop.  This is a RECOMMEND -- especially if it's on sale.But it has two shortcomings worth knowing --1.  I wouldn't recommend this for someone who moves around with their laptop 24 hours a day.  I'm not saying it's flimsy but it's also not 'tough' like a business laptop.  But since I'll typically be using it in my home it's very nice for the price.2.  The real problem (which can be easily fixed by you) is super WEIRD.  I've purchased two of these.  The first one had the issue, I returned it, but then the second one had it too.Believe it or not:  installing Google Chrome can make the OLED screen fail.  (See picture.)I know this because I accidentally noticed the screen 'failed' when I installed Chrome on the first one.  I observed this anecdotally, not actually blaming Chrome.  So I returned that laptop, ordered a 2nd one, and that screen crashed PRECISELY when I installed Google Chrome.That is evidence that it's a software problem, not the OLED.  So I Googled 'Chrome breaks my Asus laptop screen' and Asus offers you advice on how to turn off 'hardware acceleration'.(It's easy, anyone can do it.  Go here -- rb.gy/riuezq)  It also claims this same issue can be triggered by their own Edge browser and by Microsoft Office.  Turn off hardware acceleration and you're all set.  I'm going to 'test' this unit to make sure it's fixed but it sure seems so.  (I told you it was weird.)I suspect others are not reporting this (yet) because they haven't updated to Windows 11 yet, which this unit can do."
2131,"Description says ""ASUS ZenBook Pro Duo 15 OLED UX582 Laptop, 15.6” OLED FHD Touch Display, Intel Core i9-11900H, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GeForce RTX 3060, ScreenPad Plus, Windows 11 Pro, Celestial Blue, UX582HM-XH96T"" when it is really a ""Asus Vivobook 15"".  False advertising and a waste of my time.  Do not open the Asus box as you will not be able to return.  Wanted to give Asus another try but after this experience I will not."
2132,"I just bought this computer with the i5 11th generation processor and 12 GB of RAM. I was aiming for an i7 / 16 GB but there was a 200 dollars difference between both and I settled for this on a Black Friday special a little below the 700 dollars mark. After using it for 3 weeks and upgrading to Windows 11, I have sufficient evidence to give you my pros and cons along with my final verdict:Pros:- Zippy in spite of the lower processor power and RAM initially sought. I have not had an instance where I have felt that the laptop needed additional power. Note: i am not a gamer, so I have used Photoshop, illustrator, Music and movies, and Office. I have kept several windows open and it kept going with no issues.- Screen. Never had an OLED before and I was blown away by the vivid colors and contrast. I even had a 4K laptop before and it is not even comparable to this one. Big points for Asus Vivobook here.- Beautiful design. It is very lightbut it does not feel flimsy at all. You need to be careful with it though as it can easily get damaged but if you are careful, it will stand out with the dark gray color, and its shape.- With the 512 GB SSD, it turns on and wakes up really fast. This is normal for this kind of hard drive.- Keys are properly spaced and easy to type in. The keyboard is lighted.CONS:- Ports are not remarkable. The USB-C cannot charge, it is only for data transmission.- It has 2 USB 2.0 and 1 USB 3.0 ports. Not a good combination.- The back cover cannot be easily disassembled to upgrade its memory.- Battery life is subpar. No more than 4 hours even with the powersaving mode on.- No touch screen.VERDICT: For the price, I am happy with the purchase. I think that the OLED screen is the feature that makes it stand out above the rest on that price range.I just scored it with 4 stars for the ports configuration and lack of functionality."
2133,"My initial impression is that it feels a bit fragile. It is light, and the display looks pretty good so far but I wish it was larger. It boots fairly quickly, but otherwise seems to be underpowered. Reading/searching an external drive on the USB 3 ports was painfully slow at times. For some reason the cursor often moves on its own and clicks often have to be repeated 2 or 3 times. The first few hours with it have been very frustrating for those reasons. Less features and connectivity than any other laptop I have owned, but also cheaper. I am hopefully receiving a warranty extension from ASUS for this feedback. I may update it after more experience with it."
2134,"Probably the cheapest oled laptop available got for $689 during Black Friday. Still great value at 799. For $1100 can get i7 with 16gb and nvidia graphics card. The intel iris graphics card has only 1gb memory on board. My 10 year old Sony has that much. So this is the biggest negative for this laptop, an incredible oled screen with an dismal graphics card. Thus the ram is used more and with 12gb, it took up about 7gb when running a 4K video. There are no description of what ram there is so I had to open it to see. There is one slot with 4gb that is replaceable with 260 pin. The other 8gb must be soldered in. I will see if it takes a 16gb memory card.Update ram info installed 16gb from silicon power"
2135,Received this laptop day after cyber Monday. The colors on the screen are amazing. I do not see any of the “yellow screen color “ issues that people have complained about. I am very impressed with this laptop so far. Well worth the $$. Also since I bought it on cyber Monday. Also got a great deal on the price. Very satisfied customer.
2136,"ASUS K513E. I wish the title wasn't completely off, because this is a great laptop for the price. I read the product description and decided to buy even though the title was off, this discrepancy is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars, definitely search up the model number to get the specs from an independent site.No indicator for NumLock but there is one for CAPS and battery chargingSpeakers on the bottom but audio is still clear and loud enough.Glossy screen, rich colour, if you are going to use outdoors or anywhere with a lot of background lights you might want to go non-glossy. Fingerprints galore on the outside though and it's not wiping off easily, but I'm using this strictly at home anyway. Lid doesn't go as far back as I thoughtQuite thin,  solid build, satisfied with purchase. VERY thrilled that ASUS touch pad continues to be top notch in feel/response/control.Would even pay a bit more to get the laptop actually described in the title."
2137,"Item description stated a ""ASUS ZenBook Pro Duo 15 OLED UX582 Laptop, 15.6” OLED FHD Touch Display, Intel Core i9-11900H, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GeForce RTX 3060, ScreenPad Plus, Windows 11 Pro, Celestial Blue, UX582HM-XH96T.""I received a Asus VivoBook. Disappointing and a hassle to return."
2138,It says an Intel i5-1135G7 but in the description it says it has a Intel Core i7-1165G7 Processor and in the question and answer form the ASUS manufacturer says it is an Intel Core i7-1165G7. but as it turns out it is an i5
2139,"I bought this machine to act as a portable home server. Its entire function is to run my automation programs 24/7. So the way I use it will most likely be far different from the average consumer. That being said upfront, here are the pros and cons I've run into so far.Pros:- Thunderbolt 4- Compact and lightweight- 11th gen Intel i5- The new Iris Pro graphics- Small bevel on the screen- Charges up fast- Upgradable RAM & M.2- Boots insanely fast (1.8 seconds)- Trackpad is very sturdy and niceCons:- Weak keyboard backlighting- Sound isn't very good (it's a tiny laptop, come on)- Light bleed around the top corners of the screen- Exhaust ports are directly behind the kbd - not on the bottom of the laptop- McAffee A/V is integrated several ways on the OS (more on this below)- Squishy keysConclusion:For $665 this is a decent laptop for my purposes. It sits on my desk with the screen closed, and I access it via remote desktop. I put a $35 laptop cooling pad underneath it, which as it turns out is worthless because there are no exhaust fans on the bottom of the unit.The keys were more squishy than I thought they'd be, and the backlight on the keyboard is very weak. On the flip side, the trackpad is actually very good. It has a fingerprint scanner built-in, and it's pretty accurate so far.There's considerable light bleed when the background is set to all black, and I was pretty shocked it was actually that bad. Luckily for me, I won't be using the screen all that much. I still might return it because of this, I'm on the fence about it.McAffee A/V is nested pretty deep in the operating system. I had to use Revo Pro to get rid of all traces of it, and it tried its best to fight back. There are folders on the C drive for the A/V which cannot be removed, even as the administrator, and that's no bueno.But is it fast? Yeah. It boots in 1.8 seconds, it ran my photoshop no problem, as well as my automation programs without a hitch (which are pretty cpu/ram intensive). I didn't try playing any games with it, as this is more of a creators/business type of machine. I'm sure it would do fine on some basic games.My final score: 3/5My background: Microsoft Certified Professional - CompTIA - Degree in Networking - I.T. Project Manager"
2140,"I’m very pleased with my laptop. It’s slim,  lightweight and powers up in about 15 seconds. I was pleasantly surprised to see a Thunderbolt 4 port. It wasn’t advertised on the specs here for this version with the i5-1135G7 processor.The battery charging can also be adjusted if you plan on keeping the laptop plugged in while in use. There is also a blue light blocking feature that can be adjusted to your preference."
2141,"I've been a Surface Pro 3&4 guy for the past 10 years.  This out performs it on all levels and the Gen.11 Intels i5's can out preform some i7's this year.  So while it was fun transferring keyboards from unit to unit (4 times) I've had enough, and can honestly say that at this price point (and the fact that  half-life 2 plays flawlessly on it) if this holds up I won't be going back to that eco system.  The USB C and the extra USB 3 are a nice touch, I appreciate that kind of fore thought.  ASUS had TSTogether when they made this machine good job."
2142,"I bought this Asus Vivobook as my new business laptop - and wanted a dependable, lightweight machine to travel with. It has everything I was looking for: good battery life, matte screen, speedy processing, good quality loudspeakers, even a nice exterior design that sticks out from the rest. So I am happy with the purchase so far. There is only one thing I am a bit disappointed about: The screen is so dimly lit that I am using it on 90-100 percent brightness all the time. Usually I am setting my computers to about 50-60 percent."
2143,"No gripes, works smoothly, screen is beautiful and keyboard is very responsive, with a very nice push under the keys. Works a lot better than my last XPS 13. Battery life could be better, but then again, I never put this on ""best battery life"" power option. This is perhaps the best your money can buy at the moment!"
2144,"I miss not having a touchscreen or a 10-key number pad, but I knew I was making those sacrifices, when I bought this laptop. The only real ""negatives"" are when you bring it back from standby/sleep mode, it's quite slow to reconnect to applications that were in use, and certain basic functions, like screen brightness, will suddenly fail to work, until updates are downloaded. I really love the look and portability, and the screen quality is great. I'm mainly using it for basic internet browsing and streaming, so it's perfect for that."
2145,"I bought this laptop to use for work, i normally uses lenovo brand but i decide to change to this asus laptop beacuse i like the specs and desing.When i recieve the laptop looks great, has a good looking, the screen are ok and its fast.but the firts disappoiment was its dont have the chance to upgrade de memory ram, so its i feel this laptop its for a home/basic use.The second disappoimnet was the difficult to see the keyboard letters, the color of the bottoms and the color of the letter shape are too similar so its to difficult to see and the light of the keyboard its too bad.And the worst its the keyboard distribution, i dont know why asus try to change the distribution of the numeric keyboard and try to do the keyboard a little smaller, so its so difficult get use to use this keyboard.If you has to write a lot and use the numeric keyboard this laptop its a nigthmare"
2146,"Now that Amazon's ""return window"" has ended, this laptop is beginning to fail to start when the power button is pressed.  It took me about ten tries over 10 minutes to get the damn thing to do anything.  Not happy."
2147,"I needed a replacement for my remote work due to required equipment returns. I was looking for something portable (less than 15"" screen), light, but could still run video calls seamlessly while multi-tasking in the background. I am one week into remote work with this laptop and it has been perfect. The typing experience is also really enjoyable?"
2148,"Little bit on the expensive side for what you get, but the laptop is sturdy. Thanks to the metal chassis. The keyboard feels nice and responsive. Having the numeric keypad, is great to have in a compact laptop. The monitor is crisp and colors are decent, but not having a touch screen is a bummer...especially when you are paying 700 dollars.  Overall, it is a great laptop to work my everyday photo editing, word processing, and playing some light games."
2149,"This computer was advertised as having a backlite keyboard.  There was nothing that came with it to indicate that feature and the Device Manager listed only a standard PS/2 keyboard. So I returned it.  From another source I obtained a very similar unit but also with the keyboard I wanted, which was clearly indicated in the Device Manager listing."
2150,"Listing is sold as brand new... after combing through the registry I found keys for games and browsers that I have never personally installed on this machine, meaning this machine was sold as brand new, 2021 HP, and nothing in the description mentioned ""refurbished"""
2151,Just what I wanted. At first I was disappointed because the keyboard wasn't showing that it was backlit. After about 2 weeks my son in law figured out the F5 key turned it on. It is bright and keys are easily seen in dim light. I love the speed of the processor! I play a game that uses a lot of memory and needs speed and it is great having that. After limping along with a dual core with 6G memory for so long this is wonderful!
2152,"The system has been misbehaving, would just blank out, I regret buying this and I wish I could return it and get back my money"
2153,I'm very happy with this laptop. It has all the features I wanted and it's fast. It also has the numbers on the right side for 10 key typing. The screen colors are fantastical well. I highly recommend it.
2154,I liked the product but found it cheaper on another store
2155,"I love the touch screen.  Never had that before, so it's nice to use.  I use this for business and school and the virtual meetings are so clear."
2156,"This laptop is exactly as I hoped it would be. The SSD makes responses very quick. There was an easy conversion from Windows 10 to Windows 11. I gave this to my wife as a Christmas present and she loves it. She was able to get all her photos off of her phone and is now working on getting software to work on them. This is a very good medium range laptop, plenty of memory and disk space. Being able to have a SD card slot makes storage unlimited."
2157,"My old laptop, only 3 yrs old was developing some serious issues and I never knew if it was going to take 10 minutes or 4 hrs. to be ready to use.....I use Avast and Malwarbytes so I'm sure viruses were not the problem.  Anyway......THIS one is ready to go in literally seconds...I am a gamer and need the speed and space and this gives me both.  I have NOT updated to Windows 11 yet, but it is available on this laptop.....You won't be disappointed....."
2158,"Por su amplia capacidad de memoria y de disco duro, provee alta velocidad para ejecutar las aplicaciones. Su pantalla táctil es sensible y facil de usar. Excelente Opción para quienes deseen un equipo de muy buen desempeño."
2159,"After reading the mixed reviews I ordered the item anyway knowing that with Amazon's return/refund policy it wouldn't be a problem if there was an issue. I've returned items before and never had a problem.WOW! I received it last night, three days early. I expected a (renewed) chromebook, but if it was renewed I couldn't tell. It was as new as new can get. The price was great, took 5 minutes to set up, it took about an hour to charge, and it's good to go. Easy for an old guy with dementia to figure out. SO FAR<>SO GOOD, I'll update this review as time goes on and I learn the possibilities of this ""new to me"" gadget/ gizmo/ widget/Chromebook. I'm impressed and it's a hell of an upgrade to my windows 7 desktop.Yes, at this point I'd buy it again and will recommend it."
2160,"The hardware is fine but the software is, effectively, defunct. I purchased a used Chromebook, admittedly, with little research into the operating system, so I could take my telehealth appointments on the go as a therapist. (I already have a hefty desktop I use daily.) Unfortunately, once a Chromebook is 5+ years old (sometimes even younger), it will simply stop updating. Planned obseletion point blank. Without updates, you can neither update the security nor run many in-browser functions. If I attempt to run a telehealth session through SimplePractice, I will get a notice to update my browser (which there is no way to do manually--done deal). You also can't use streaming services other than YouTube. I'd hoped that since it had HDMI, it could also be a way to watch Hulu, Disney+, or Netflix on my television set. Wrong. These also do not run on outdated browsers. I essentially have a non-video capable browser and that's it."
2161,I read the reviews and almost didn’t spend the money. Glad I did! My 9 yr old granddaughter uses it everyday.This is what she says about the laptop:Easy to useIt keeps a chargeSmall enough she can take it in the car.
2162,"Im one that is always making sure i do my research on things before i purchase them, especially online. This is one of those purchases that just blows my mind. Im so incredibly happy with this computer! The screen was perfect, keyboard typing like its brand new, charging great, holds charge long, lightweight, easy to use. i would recommend this to anyone looking for a good computer that you may not want to be brand new."
2163,It's been on a charger for an HR and it won't come on when I push the power button..I'm very dissatisfied with this product it was referbished in Canada don't they even chk to see if the turn on b4 they ship them out..IT WILL BE SENT BACK. I HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH AMAZON UNTIL NOW..🤬🤬🤬🤬
2164,This is a piece of junk. It stopped working after a month and a half. The screen is totally blitzed and I cannot get any kind of technical support from Amazon or Dell. It never did have a touch screen. Do not purchase.
2165,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   A mi me gustó, como ya tengo una cuenta de correo electrónico, fue fácil usarla, y lo mejor cuando la prendes su acceso es rápido para navegar, solo la primera vez que usé no podía conectarla al televisor, así que busque en mi teléfono en las herramientas el problema, y ahí encontré como hacer que se viera la pantalla en la tv,  tienes que ir  los devices para conectar al monitor. Yo solo la usó para ver en pantalla grande conectado al televisor,  para quienes hacen trabajos escolares oficina y más esto es perfecto!!!"
2166,"First it did not arrive on the promised date because the company changed it without notice so my daughter did not get her birthday present until after her birthday. Then, when it did after spending the afternoon charging with the charger's light on and the Chromebook charging light on we found the device was completely unresponsive. Would not turn on and the light at the bottom of the device had gone out. Picked it up to put it in the box and heard the not so encouraging sound of something sliding around inside of the laptop. So now my daughter is once again waiting for her birthday gift."
2167,"I wish I had taken a picture to post in the review before I sent the laptop back for a refund. I overlooked the description that is was a renewed product and that would have been fine by me if the laptop did not show up looking how it did. It was so dented and scraped up. It was poorly taken care of and completely neglected. I do not know how it passed what inspection system they have but it was not acceptable. I read the comments before purchasing so I had decent expectations. Just be weary of purchasing the product, you might receive a perfectly fine laptop but I did not. If you take the chance, just remember you might receive one that is great or decent quality or in my case receive one that looks like it was thrown around and chewed up by a dog."
2168,I had seen buy in next so many hours for overnight delivery so I purchased. However when I looked at order a few hours later it had a delivery date 5 days away. I contacted seller and they were very courteous as well as standing out in customer service as after a hold the rep ( I am thinking his name was john) came back on phone to let me know it would arrive the next day as it did and exactly as described. Greta purchase OUTSTANDING customer service
2169,"It felt cheaply made and wasn't worth over $640, it wasn't backlit and because of the sharp edges around the base it was extremely uncomfortable to use...you agreed to a return but I can't afford to pay shipping and would like to ask that you send me a label for outside the package to return?"
2170,I bought this to replace my desktop. I generally am only typing reports however I do play games from time to time with it and I will say it performs really well. I have no complaints
2171,"I previously purchased a refurbished iPad and it looked as good as new, no scratches, no dents, everything ran great. I decided to purchase another iPad for my daughter and it had a deep scratch on the screen, I returned it, then placed a second order. The second iPad had deep scratches and sticker residue on the back but the front screen seemed ok. It’s a hit or miss. I don’t have time to be mailing the item back and forth. You’re rolling the dice with these iPads. They’re SELLER refurbished quality, definitely not factory refurbished quality which would probably hold a higher standard."
2172,"I recently ordered five “renewed” iPad Air 2 tablets through Amazon.  The Air 2 was, and still is, one of the best iPad designs.  So good, in fact, that the first iPad Pro 9.7 (2018) was really just an updated Air 2 and shared the same thin construction, laminated 9.7-inch Retina display, and overall size.  The Air 2 has supported seven iOS updates and currently runs the latest iPadOS 14 –talk about longevity.  Over 2 million iPad Air 2 models were sold during its two year production that ended in early 2017. Since you can no longer buy a new Air 2, the only option is used/refurbished.  Apple devices like the iPad are remarkably durable and buying refurbished is a great way to find a ""like new"" device that will last you many years to come.  It's a good value, too: When the Air 2 was originally released, the models ranged from $500-$700.  A few years later, you can buy the same models renewed for $200-$300 --a great deal for a device that's still state-of-the-art. There's no shortage of vendors for renewed/refurbished iPads but one thing is clear:  “Renewed, like new” is a broad term that covers everything from near-mint condition to laughingly-damaged devices.  Some vendors are better, others are worse, none will be perfect.  Here’s my experience shopping over the past month: Vendor #1:  All Out Apple I purchased two iPad Air 2’s from this seller, one 32GB and one 64GB.  Both arrived in good condition, packaged safely, and they work fine.  The cosmetic defects are OK --a few light scratches and discoloration on the back of the case on one and a few nicks and shallow dent on the back of the other.  When held at “arm’s length” per Amazon's criteria the issues are not that visible.  The display/touchscreenS are fine.  The batteries in each last the normal 8 or so hours under typical use. The vendor includes a decent 2.4A (12W) USB charger and cable with each device similar to the original iPad charger for fast charging times.  Vendor #2:  Platinum Deals[UPDATED 3/6/21:  I purchased four iPad Air 2’s from this seller, three 32GB and one 64GB.  One of the 32GB arrived in close to ""like new"" condition.  The cosmetic defects were minimal, however, after two weeks use, I noticed that a portion of the display backlight would flicker when set to the lowest brightness setting --the sign of a failing LED in the backlight.  I returned this iPad for another from same seller and the replacement works fine so far.  However, the cosmetic condition of the replacement is not as good as the first one since there are noticeable blemishes all the way around the aluminum bezel and there are a couple light scratches on the surface of the display glass.]  The other two iPads were, unfortunately, a totally different story:  each one was delivered literally bent in the middle --not dented but actually deformed, as in the device was not flat!  This had nothing to do with shipping since the devices were well-packed and the boxes were undamaged.  The deformation on each device distorted the display glass and it was easy to see the permanent distortion when viewing along the edge of the device.  On one iPad, the deformation was severe enough to cause backlight distortion that showed up as bright spots along the edge of the LCD (see photos).  The fact that the refurbisher considered these two bent iPads to be ""renewed, like new"" is both hilarious and sad.  Of course, both of the bent iPads went right back in their boxes for return to Amazon (I put a bright yellow post-it on each one to hopefully warn whoever inspects the returned devices not to turn around and sell them again.)  This vendor also included different USB chargers (either 8W or 12W USB-A or, incorrectly, one of them was USB-C) and cable with each device so they are not consistent --the 12W charger is the correct one for faster charging times.  I do give the vendor credit for immediately sending me the correct charger to replace the wrong USB-C charger delivered with one of the Air 2 units.ADVICE:  So, my advice is to inspect your ""renewed"" iPad carefully since the vendors are not consistent in the overall condition of what they'll send you.  The iPad Air 2, in particular, is remarkably thin and perhaps more prone to getting bent if mishandled during its life --perhaps explaining why bent ones find their way to a refurbisher in the first place.  The Air 2 has a wide tolerance for being bent and still work without a problem. However, it's quite clear that ""like new"" may not necessarily mean ""not bent"" for the ultra-thin Air 2 so use the 90-day Amazon Renewed Guarantee wisely to make sure your renewed device meets a reasonable definition of ""like new"" upon receipt.Overall, I'm happy with the two renewed iPads I decided to keep (32GB models, one from each vendor listed above).  I'm not sure that any one vendor does a better job in selecting ""like new"" iPads but clearly, one of the above did not have an issue sending two bent iPads.Finally, be aware that the 90-day Amazon Renewed Guarantee says you'll get a full refund if not satisfied, however, some of the refurb vendors claim to charge return shipping and restocking fees.  The Amazon Renewed policy is not clear about this so if you're charged fees for the return then you should contact Amazon to have them correct it."
2173,I bought this item as a Christmas gift and received it very prompt but there was a problem . i didn't bother to check the iPad which was a major mistake. they opened it on christmas and it wouldn't turn on. The iPad would not hold a charge it would charge enough to turn on and then turn back off bc of low battery. Amazon was very helpful and help me through the return process to receive my funds.
2174,"This was used, didn't look refurbished. Heavy scratches on the back side by the power plug and it came with generic power cord (although it was a new cord)... front button was dirty, I had to wipe it down! (GROSS)Apparently no one ""factory refurbished it"" because it was not factory reset and it was still set to Spanish language and it was in the previous owners name!!! (I had access to their information!)  It took me some time and searching the internet to figure how to put it in English language so I could reset it to factory to start over.Then, I had to plug it into ITUNES to set it up in my name, it wouldn't set it up as a new device.and finally, the screen went all grainy and I had to restart to recover it. So it was returned for a refund.I wrote the seller about it but received NO response. I would buy elsewhere if I had to do it again!I usually don't have an issue with refurbished gear but this one was a bad experience.Id pass on this seller and if possible, buy NEW!"
2175,"""Certified Refurbished"" on Amazon is practically meaningless. There are no rigorous standards that the company is expected to comply with. I don't know about you, but I expect a ""certified refurbished"" iPad to last longer than a 90 day warranty. Mine did not. It stopped being able to charge one month after the warranty ended, and is now worth nothing. Not even a few bucks for a trade-in. I've had it looked at by technicians, so I'm sure it's dead. My iPad was in a nice leather case, treated very carefully, never got dirty, never was dropped, no liquids, no extreme temperatures, nothing. It still looks brand new. This was just a defective product with a ticking time bomb. Don't be tempted by the ""certified refurbished"" label. It is not the same as a manufacturer's certification, which typically does have rigorous standards and solid warranties. (My first review was denied for going into more detail here, but you can do your own research.) Do yourself a favor and stay away from these products."
2176,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen is felling apart, and the back of the iPad is not even flat, it’s like something had not been installed properly inside. This is not a renewed or used product, it’s a damaged iPad with a third party low quality screen replacement."
2177,"Device had a minor scratch on the back, no problem right? So I thought, until after about two hours of using the iPad, the digitizer (the touch sensor) became completely unresponsive. Cannot trust this certified refurbished product. Going to Apple, same price much higher quality refurbished products! I dabbled in the third-party area, and I got burnt!"
2178,"Purchased the 64gb gold one. Fired it up and immediately had a battery issue. Hardware related, no fault of the battery itself. Emailed the retailer and within 6 hours received a response and after giving my order number, got a shipping label, and item is on way back for refund. In the meantime I purchased another one to replace it, and this unit has been flawless so far. No scratches on either one, had no issues updating it, or anything else so far. I will update this if I have an issue with getting the refund on the first one. Would I purchase again? So far, yes."
2179,"iPAD was supposedly certified as refurbished; however, it was NOT.  I was brand new to Apple products when I bought this device and really did not know much about navigating my way around. I also made the mistake of taking too long to put the Air 2 through its paces, and as usual, life got in the way.  When I finally did start trying to use it, I found all kinds of problems with it--it won't return HOME when you push the Home key; it won't load apps; it won't accept  a fingerprint ID, etc. I thought at first it was me, but I asked an experienced user to try it and he found the same problems.  The refurbisher (Kanga Electronics) would NOT do anything about it, claiming it was past the warranty (I think it was about 6-9 months old at the time).  They wouldn't even offer to try to fix it!  They give new meaning to the phrase: ""Let the Buyer beware"".  The iPAD cost WAY TOO MUCH for this kind of treatment and you can bet I will NEVER buy anything else from these people, refurbished or new.  What a rip-off this was!!"
2180,"I was amazed that I got it the next day.That amazement faded fast when I picked up the box and heard the iPad rattling around inside.Sure enough, it was DOA.After contacting support and trying different things to get the power on, it was agreed it was a goner. And, the return was approved.Even before I printed out the label I ordered another. Shucks, it's going to take 4 days to get it. Oh well, maybe it will be packaged better.I'll be sure to post about it as soon as I see if it will power up"
2181,"It has everything I needed except for enough USB ports. Other than that, I love this labtop."
2182,"I like it because it has a lot of memory, but I couldn't find one with a built in BluRay player like my previous one had."
2183,"Boots from cold off to on in ~5 seconds!Excellent gaming performance via STEAM CS:GOFans spool up to a loud state while gaming to keep GPU & CPU coolSystem opens via normal Philips 000 screws of the bottom plate, exposing the logic board & 45 WH lipo batteryOnce inside the machine you will find an extra space for a second M.2 NVMe drive, a second RAM slot open for upgrading easily & even a full SSD slot for adding an SSD to the machine!Excellent 17inch 144hz screen dims nicely & has many color modes including low blue night modesSound most excellent from two vibration isolated (rubber grommet mount) speakers inside that produce excellent volumes levels & surprising base output for their size & design, utilizing some kind of volume optimized acoustically tuned housing to enhance the speakers output & dynamic range.Power brick gets really warm when system running full playing video gamesBuild quality seems really good, including the heatpipe to heatsink fin cooling system on the left & right rear that blows hot air out the back of the unit near the base of where the display connects to the keyboard case. Air even sucked in from the keyboard in gaming specific zones to keep your fingers cool & dry while playing Esports etcValue most excellent given combo of hardware & build quality for $850 that's hard to beat in early 2021Battery life unsurprisingly mediocre given the 11.4v 4050mah 3S lipo inside the unit, seems like about 3.5-4 hours just browsing the web in Edge, or about 1 hours on battery when playing CS:GO with low settings //I really like the user upgradable design that's easy to open for cleaning or upgrading with simple basic tools nearly everyone has, a 00 or 000 Philips + style screw driver // only 1 corner screw shorter than all the others which are the same length! Thank you Asus!Comes with easy to remove bloatware & the factor M.2 drive really fast with file transfers.Wireless network performance exceptionally fast & low latency! Maxes out potential of my Comcast Xfinity serviceVery light weight or low mass of about 5 lbs which is really amazing given size of the display, making it easily portable & lighter to move around for excellent ergonomics.A full keyboard with number pad makes the IO a pleasure, though your going to want to use a mouse for gaming, since gaming with the touchpad not ideal for fast pace games //"
2184,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   IT has been my livelihood for more than 30 years. I built many of my own computers. My current custom water-cooled Tower is in storage as I'm in the middle of a move.I needed a semi-decently powered laptop to use while my RIG is stored away. This Asus TUF laptop caught my attention for being decently powered but not breaking the bank. When first received I was pleasantly surprised. Speed, nice sized screen. I updated all the drivers needing so as well as patched the OS.The issue starts as soon as I play any MP4 video using any player be it the built in Media player or using VLC the 1650 Ti GPU takes a crap. Video goes all awry. I've attached a video to show this. I'm not going to be dealing with a BRAND NEW laptop having video issues right out of the box. It's going back."
2185,"5 star, if you want it for gaming, get it, i use it to play World of Warcraft: Shadowlands.It runs everything at high performance and does not get heat up.If you are a gamer, get one"
2186,"Reading the reviews for this PC, I was expecting this laptop to sound like it's about to take off at mach 5, but it's really not that loud compared to a struggling older PC or an original PS4 pro whose fan is overworked on newer games. Sure it's not quiet by any means, but not nearly as distracting as I anticipated. Performs well but does get pretty warm during intensive gaming even with an additional cooling pad underneath, so definitely get one of those. The weirdest thing is that when you plug or unplug your charger, the screen goes black for a couple of seconds, presumably due to switching power settings. Shouldn't be an issue during gaming sessions however as of course you should have it plugged in for performance anyway, but something to be wary of if your charger cable ever starts to go out. Internal memory isn't huge so I did buy an additional 4TB SSD, which installed smoothly. Runs FFXIV without issues and scored an extremely high on the Shadowbringers benchmark and a very high on the Endwalker benchmark, so should be good for MMO gaming for another couple of years without upgrades."
2187,"Well, partially it’s my fault. I wanted to skimp out on paying for full price and this is what I got. A laptop that works fine.. if it werent for a non working screen. I got it for 732$ for an almost new product—it should be perfect; but with missing packaging. It’s fine for me, i thought. I couldnt be more wrong.Shipping took forever. 3 days before they ship it out. Arrived after a week and a half.As soon as i pressed the power button, the leds would turn on, as well as the keyboard would have the lights, but no display. Just a black display of nothingness.I was so furious when it did that. I had to call Asus support and they told me to send it back. Which in no way in hell i would do because i aint paying for shipping for a defective product. I called amazon and they said they’ll refund it. Bought myself a brand new acer nitro instead. Now im scared if that laptop would be defective too."
2188,"First, let me say that I have the version with the 1650Ti, not the 3050. Mine also includes the Webcam, full RGB keyboard, and num pad. There is a slim version that does not have this.Now, I bought this laptop to replace my old daily driver that had a 1050. This laptop is miles better than that one in terms of image quality, GPU power, screen refresh, and sound.I've been using this laptop daily since I bought it. I added a 1TB SSD for storage, upgraded the RAM from the included 8GB to 32GB, and dropped the refresh rate to 60Hz to help battery life (which I will get to later).As far as this goes as a gaming laptop, I've been able to run everything I've thrown at it at max settings. Fallout 76 runs at a solid 48fps (its capped there for some strange reason) at max settings. Gears 5 runs at 60fps (again, capped) on max settings even with all the environment and snow particles. With the IPS display, these games look super good. Huge upgrade to my previous laptops TN display. The colors are absolutely crisp and deep.The sound quality is decent. It's not studio music quality, but it's definitely decent enough for gaming without any noticeable clipping issues. I'm able to discern bass, mid, and treble without a lot of muddiness. Obviously, it's not perfect as they are laptop speakers, but given that restriction, I'd say it does very well.Now, the only complaint I have is the battery life. It's nowhere near the advertised. My old laptop with adjusted settings reached 6-7 hours. This one with the same settings reaches only MAYBE 2. If you're playing a game, you'll be lucky to hit an hour. This is not a laptop to play on battery. The higher the graphic quality and the higher you keep the refresh rate (like the native 144hz) the worse it'll be. Even with dropping the refresh to 60 and playing a game that doesn't require the 1650Ti, it still only will last about an hour. Watching videos is longer, but that's still about 2 hours, give or take.Overall a good purchase provided you want it plugged in most of the time."
2189,"No issues so far, great laptop for the price. The larger screen I love; I did do an upgrade to 16GB DDR4 and added 1T secondary m2, still have room for a standard SSD if I want.The upgrade wasn't a required upgrade just something I did to make it a bit more future proof and expand so I could also use it for work.Even with the upgrade the price is below 1100.00 for a very capable Gaming machine.Playing Fallout 4 before the upgrade I was using Ultimate settings and it never slowed down or stuttered.You do sometimes notice the fans spin a bit faster but that's to be expected. It doesn't get hot that I have found, it's heavy but again to be expected; it's built to be tough, to take the bumps and bangs a laptop gets and keep on going.Looks great to, I do notice some fingerprints/palmprints leaving marks but a quick wipe-down removes them."
2190,"I had the Asus 750 before that for which I paid around $1250 and after 7 years began to show its age - albeit still very useable. Thinking  needed to spend that amount again or even more, my local computer guy recommended the F17, voicing several very distinct features which this had, over my old one.One of them was that the weight and thickness were 50% of my old one.Once I had bought a 1TB SSD, double the memory, exterior DVD player/burner and a few other small accessories, the final bill - after configuration by my computer guy- was under $1250.I have various design programs on it in 2D and 3D, along with tons of high res photos. The F17 has plenty of oomph to digest everything. It starts up in the blink of an eye.This laptop is worth every Dollar and you'd be very silly indeed to pass this over as a first or replacement."
2191,"I do not use this computer for gaming. I only use it for trading stocks, watching YouTube videos and occasionally browsing and uploading movies. The battery life is horrible! As for the sound…. I watch a lot of YouTube videos about stocks. The sound is VERY low. I have all sound cranked up to 100 and it’s STILL low! I would say this is NOT good for gamers. I would not buy this if you are looking for long battery life and loud speakers. The fan is also quite loud."
2192,"So I got this to play FF14 while I travel and am away from my actual gaming PC, and this does the job perfectly. It's just generally a really capable laptop -- handles streaming, gaming, did some remote work and calls on it np, etc.I love how lightweight and quiet it is.There was only one initial problem I had with it which would have been a deal breaker if there hadn't been such an easy solution -- while I was waiting in that 4k+ q that's the current reality (as of the EW expac), this pc's fans started going haywire.. SOOO loud, heated up, unacceptable. To fix: simply adjust your maximum power state. Docking it a mere 2% will stop it from making any insane noises and return it to the silent, smooth state it runs in when doing everything else (only had the problem when running games, but again super easy fix.  (if you don't know how to adjust this or what that means this is how you fix: Right click your lil battery icon, hit power options, next to the ""ASUS Recommended"" power plan click ""change plan settings"", ""change advanced power settings"", ""processor power management"", ""maximum power state"" -- reduce this from 100% to 98%. Problem solved, resume quiet, beautiful laptop fun)."
2193,"I got this computer to replace an older HP that had gotten slow and lacked Bluetooth. It works better than I could have hoped! The keyboard is excellent. A responsive keyboard is very important to me, and this one does not disappoint. Connected to Wi-Fi effortlessly, Bluetooth is a breeze. I find very few differences between WIN 10 on my old laptop to the WIN 11 here. I highly recommend it! My main use is leisure - email, some minimal graphic and video creation, and surfing the Internet. This little gem keeps up with my multitasking easily."
2194,"This is my first new Windows laptop in nearly eight years; the previous one is a Dell Inspiron 15R that has seen several upgrades and parts replaced but badly needed to be retired.  I had intended on getting an Inspiron 15 5510 with 16GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD but the price just wasn't right.  I settled for this system with the AMD Ryzen 7 and a 512GB SSD.Unboxing the laptop made me think I made a huge mistake.  This is much smaller than my 15R.  I knew thinness coming into it as well as weight; this is a full pound and a half lighter than the 15R, and that will go a long way in the future (more on that later).  It didn't look like a 15"" laptop, but it really is.The screen is a touchscreen.  I used it only once just to see how it worked.  It works.  I don't ever intend on using it ever again because I do not like fingerprints on my laptop screen and I don't think a touchscreen is a useful feature on a laptop.  It is a higher resolution screen than the 15R but it is not the best in the world.  Granted, my M1 MacBook Air has a smaller screen but it is so freaking sharp and amazing, so much so that I think it blows away every other laptop screen on the market.  The screen on this is not a dealbreaker; I don't intend on using the laptop to watch Netflix or any TV shows or whatnot.  It is going to be used exactly what a computer is intended to be used.The keyboard is really nice.  I had destroyed the original keyboard on the 15R and ordered a replacement off Amazon.  It was the loudest keyboard in the world and sometimes some keys just wouldn't type.  I also could not upgrade to a backlit one (again, another MacBook feature I love).  Both the 5510 and 5515 I was looking at had backlit keyboards, and that was a must-have for me.  This one is much quieter, exactly how a laptop keyboard should sound.  F5 to refresh needed to push the Fn key then F5, but then I learned through Google you can make it so that when you hit the refresh key you can make that a primary function.The power cord is a 65W AC adapter with a much smaller plug; not compatible with what I had for the 15R.  I'll be purchasing a second one for travel.  I'm not so sure I'll use the USB-C port to charge the battery and power the laptop while traveling.  I may end up doing that.In terms of USB ports and all, it's nice that there is an HDMI port, one USB-C, and two USB-A ports.  One of the big selling points for me was that it also had an SD card reader.  That in itself seems like something many laptops being sold in 2022 are being shipped without, forcing the user to buy a potentially costly SD card reader of some sort or USB-C multi-hub.  I wish I had one more USB-A port but that would probably add some weight to the laptop.  I'll be buying a pair of USB-A hubs at some point, one for home and one for travel, especially since I need one USB-A for a wireless mouse (though I might look into Bluetooth mice).Weight was another factor in the purchase.  I originally had my eye on the 5510 because it started at 3.6 pounds.  My 15R was somewhere around 5.1 pounds.  Let me say that this 5515 is a pleasure to carry around.  As a videographer who travels quite a bit by airline, my travel backpack weighs in around 30 pounds with a reduced camera load, which includes PC and Mac and accessories and your typical toiletries.  Making that bag 1.5 pounds lighter will feel real good.  I also had an eye on a custom build HP 15t-dy200, which weighed in around 3.8 pounds, but HP has a ton of issues with custom builds as per comments I've seen on Reddit.Finally, expandability.  I have a MacBook Air that I regret not having 16GB of RAM, but even with 8GB it is one hell of an amazing machine, one that no PC out there today could match.  The Dell Inspiron 15 5515 I got has 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD.  I really wanted a 1TB SSD but settled for the 512GB.  The memory can be expanded to a max of 32GB (two 16GB sticks) and I plan to do that in the future.  The real kicker is learning that the 5515 (and probably the 5510 as well) has room for a second SSD.  I plan to research this a little more because I definitely want to add a second SSD.  It's a type of SSD that I had never heard about until I researched it, and I'm pretty sure the second SSD can be no larger than 2TB.Overall, with writing this only 30 hours since it arrived, I really like this laptop.  I hope I can get many years out of this like I did with my previous Dell."
2195,"i bought the laptop and measured it, and it is 10.7"" x 6.6"" and this is nowhere near the said measurements.working great will update soon."
2196,"great computer, easy to set up and use windows 11"
2197,Exellent
2198,This laptop in not quiet! and  it gets hot in the middle keyboard!Dell should  be ashamed!
2199,Good Laptop for its price
2200,"Proceed with caution. This computer worked fine for the first few days & I loved it. Very fast, Windows 11 was even nice. I tried to use the microphone on it and learned it didn’t work. None of the usual troubleshooting features fixed the problem, so I decided to do a system reset and restore, thinking that I’ve just gotten the computer and a reset should fix any issues. Wrong. It won’t start up and shows two different error codes. When I try to to OS Recovery through Support Assist, I get a message “We are missing some of your system details needed to finish the restore.” I called Dell Support and they suggested that there may be non-Dell parts that are responsible for this. There’s no reason why a reset of a seemingly new system resulted in the computer not working. I’m going to send it to their technicians to look at and will update. I loved it until I was unable to recover or reset the system. As I said, proceed with caution.Edit: I was able to get it fixed with the help of a tech savvy friend. I skipped sending it to Dell, and it works like new."
2201,"Pantalla mate me gusto mucho porque no refleja nada llevo unos 4 meses con ella y e podido jugar mucho hacer tareas, y proyectos sin ningún problema, su calidad de materiales me gusta el aluminio y el metal la hacen ver elegante y lo increíble esque es muy fina perfecta para los viajes, el único problema la gráfica me limita mucho sus 2gigas de RAM si tuviera una 3060 o una 3060ti sería perfecta."
2202,I like this computer.  It didn't take too long to set it up with my files and passwords.
2203,Lo utilice para regalar
2204,"Una lap ágil y poderosa para las tareas del día a día, no se agacha y fácil de configurar"
2205,"I figured 4GB of RAM would be sufficient just for day to day use. I was a bit disappointed in 128GB of storage and decided that even though it was a really nice machine for the price, for another $80 and change I could really make it fly.. if you look at my photos you can see that there's built in space for a 2.5 in SATA drive. In addition there is room to add memory and I decided to add another 8GB of RAM along with the SATA drive and 480 GB of storage. Obviously it makes a huge difference. If you look at the pictures I posted you can see that the Acer storage is depleted by half as soon as you turn the machine on. The Steve drive is the one that I installed. Plenty of storage now. The circled in red photo shows the increase in RAM... WHEN LOOKING FOR INSTRUCTIONS be aware that this model came out back in May of this year. There are very few instructional videos or written pieces to explain where this memory goes. The SATA drive is pretty self-explanatory. The only video I could find with this particular machine is provided by a user whose name is.   @Silicon Edge   you have to go to YouTube and search that name. I don't believe Amazon would allow me to post a link. It's not in English but all you have to do is watch his hands. If you try other videos you might think it's the machine you've bought until you open the back of yours and you look at the back of theirs and realize that it's different. I highly recommend temporarily taking out the screw on your right side of the battery to secure the ribbon clip. Then just readjust the battery and put the screw back in. Watch the video you'll know exactly what I mean. I love this computer. For $460 including the new ram I upgraded this machine. It would have cost me way more than that to buy it with that memory and that storage from scratch. Quick PS. I bought an HP 27 inch monitor here on Amazon and created a nice little setup. $169. You'll love the machine Don't think twice just buy it. If you want some speed, I mean real speed just upgrade the RAM and the storage. I used crucial. That's the brand name for the SATA and the RAM..... READ ABOUT THE UPGRADES..... You don't want to perform Overkill. The processor wasn't made for it. I'm no techie so I did a lot of reading before I did this."
2206,"Do not waste your time with this. I thought I would look past the bad reviews of this product because it was affordable and I just need it for really simple Word docs. Well, day TWO of trying to use the computer and the mouse pad is not working at all. Looks like this has happened to multiple people. This was a terrible purchase, and I already threw away the box unfortunately. This was the worst purchase of my entire year."
2207,"Whenever the laptop enters idle state or the lid is closed for a few minutes, the laptop becomes unresponsive.  The screen is black, no keyboard or mouse input is accepted, and the fan makes a surging sound.  In order to use the computer, the power button must be held down for 10 seconds to perform a hard reset.  This means that every single time I go to use the laptop, it must be first powered down, powered up, rebooted in order to function.  I tried restoring factory settings which removed all non-included applications.  The issue remained after resetting to factory state."
2208,"Literally the only way you can hear anything is in a dead quiet room, not that great even connected to a Bluetooth speaker.  Battery life is a mere 5 hours. Probably the most disappointing laptop I've ever bought.Updated to add that it will randomly have issues turning on.New update: has now become a daily ordeal attempting to get it to actually turn on."
2209,"I bought this laptop in June for my sister, who is a school teacher.  She used it lightly over the summer and then for one week, in class, last week (second week of August)and it over heated and now it won't run.  Amazon no longer has a 90 Day guaranty, only a 30 day.The call center lady wanted to help me, but could not ,because she did not have the authorization. All she could do was give me the phone number of the manufacturer, who would not answer their phone.Frankly I am shocked at this.  This is the third Acer I have bought for my sister. In the past, they each lasted 3 years with heavy, classroom use. But not this one.Caveat Emptor"
2210,"I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this laptop. It seemed like a good computer for the price. Many if the reviews said it was short on memory. It has a SSD drive but it is a bit on the small side, and the built in ram was lacking at only 4 gb. There is an open slot for ram and a space for a second hard drive already there. The company included a pack of hard drive screws with a web site to instruct you on how to install a second drive. Since I had a like new 1tb laptop drive and a 8gb memory card laying around, I waisted no time. The upgrade was simple.Honestly, I have no complaints with this laptop. Some people complained about the screen. I don't know why, it's very clear to me. Battery life is fine, but I am just a home user so I am not on it for hours at a time. The speakers point down from under the computer, but I can still hear what I need to so no big deal to me. I even don't mind the touch pad on this one (hated the one on my last computer).If you are a gamer or someone who needs a super powerful computer for intense graphics, this probably isn't your best choice. But for home use, I am very happy with this laptop and would certainly recommend it."
2211,"So far this thing is awesome. It’s an i3 and it’s pretty quick! I don’t do a lot of saving/downloading to the hard drive so I didn’t require a larger amount of space. I did however load the Microsoft Suite and Antivirus software and I still have plenty of space. I don’t think I’ve ever had a laptop as quick as this one. Plus it comes with Windows 11 and it seems very user friendly. I am coming off of trying to navigate a Chromebook before just giving it away because I needed a PC. I think that if you plan to download a lot of documents, photos, or music and can use an external hard drive this will be perfect for you. I’ve only had it for a couple weeks so I’ll come back and update if I have any issues, but so far super smooth sailing."
2212,"Llego rápido a Chile, el peso es en termino medio ni tan ligero ni tan pesado. Es muy bonita la laptop tiene la pantalla full HD, 1920x1080, es rápida con el i3 11th, viene con 4gb de ram soldada + una ranura adicional para agregarle ram ddr4 Sodimm, recomiendo una ram de 3200 o 2666 1.2v, ya que el procesador es muy rápido te andará muy bien. Por si te preocupa el cargador en Chile no hay problema funciona re bien. El teclado es la versión US sin la ñ, igual en el Windows le colocas teclado latinoamericano y la tecla derecha de la ""L"" la reconoce como Ñ. Recomiendo esta laptop por su precio a mi me costo en total total 323mil pesos Chilenos para trabajar en programación, ofimática, clases online, etc. No la recomiendo para jugar a menos que incrementes la Ram, pero juegos como LoL y Valorant funcionan bien en gráficos bajos. El sonido es lo normal por el precio no tendrás un sonido detallista. En resumen la laptop es muy rápida, buena, bonita, buen sistema de refrigeración, lo malo es la Ram y el almacenamiento de 128 (al momento de ocuparla solo tienes 80gb libres es urgente que compres un HDD o SSD) yo tengo un hdd de 1TB de 5200 rpm, funciona bastante fluido nada que decir. El i3 11th puedes compararlo en la pagina versus por si estas inseguro, yo los compare e hice benchmark y es un procesador bastante rápido en mono núcleo, pero con una ram adicional esta laptop es una bestia."
2213,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I bought this saying it’s good for school being that I am a teacher can make my lessons plan and use PowerPoint to create lessons. So far so good the soft ware was blocked I YouTubed and unlocked it out of Smode so for me it’s fine and got the job done!I recently started noticing that my laptop overheats for no reason. As once I turn it on and I put it down for 15 -20 mins. The entire laptop overheats. And once that happens that’s it for some time I have to wait until it catches itself and then proceed with whatever I was doing before.I mean I expect something to go wrong but I have had it since July 2021 and it’s March 2022 and from January I noticed the overheating. And trust me I don’t charge it too often.All in all, I am preparing my mind to know I have to start looking for a new laptop soon. Because this one is definitely going to give up on me by July 2022.I like the laptop tough wish I had gotten a better one."
2214,"This Acer A515-56-36UT is just what I was looking for, I am not a young person so I cant answer gaming questions, I dont know how they would run, For what I do, check email watch some youtube, play videos-stream, and some BigFish games I am very pleased with this lap top, Yes I would tell a friend.  ~D~"
2215,"Ordered and this arrived within 4 days. Laptop is basically brand new so overall I'm impressed. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because there is a very small tad bit of wear on the edge on the keyboard. No one would ever notice unless you tried hard to look at it.Spec's were as advertised (8GB RAM, 256 SSD, i5). Screen quality is amazing, Glossy and clean. Keyboard is in brand new condition.I will say I am impressed with how they packaged the product, knowing it's a refurbished device. It came in an authentic Microsoft box."
2216,"Love how nicely it syncs up with my android/Google products. It's fast, light, and a good battery life. I am not an expert on laptops, but needed something reliable that I could stream movies on, and have good video for long distance chats. Love the metal, and I got a plastic sticky cover because I was worried my hands would stain the fabric. So far, it's performed excellent."
2217,"The computer is great. Graphics are good, touch screen is awesome, the keyboard is lit, but when I received my laptop the charger was broken then a week later the touch pad was jammed. I’m not an aggressive clicker so how it jammed is beyond me. But this review isn’t so much for the laptop cause it’s a great laptop but mainly for the company. They were so understanding when I contacted them and they gave me a full refund. They had great customer service. Again the computer is great. I just probably got that one bad one in the batch. I would recommend this computer and company If your looking for a surface!"
2218,Bought the black version of the Surface Laptop 2 and was thoroughly impressed with the condition as being new.I ran a battery test after running the plethora of Windows updates and the battery was new!Sometimes with used or refurbs this is where things can slide a but not in this case. Definitely passed all Microsoft Certified Ref specs.Highly recommended. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend buying this way for a nice discount.
2219,had this not even two weeks and the laptop wouldn't charge and then I was surprise to see a crack on my screen after I closed my laptop and open it and then Microsoft expect you to pay for the damage cause by them building a shirt product. and they have a history of these things having issues. do your self a favor and spend the extra cash for an I mac or a dell and this coming from someone who been buying Microsoft product for year even when they had the zune
2220,"Pros.1. Fast shipping.2. No cosmetic damage.3. Very nice/beautiful laptop for the price.BUT!Cons.1. As soon as I opened up the laptop I realized the touch screen did not work.2. Went to check if it needed updates, over 20 of them! Took about 1-2 hours to get everything updated. The computer got very hot.3. Touchscreen still was not working. Contacted Microsoft support and walked through a lot of trouble shooting steps, first found out this laptop had a very OLD windows version, so had to update this. And then took more trouble shooting steps since the touch screen was still NOT working. Microsoft stated it was a hardware issue, I am working with MICROSOFT TO GET THIS RESOLVED. I bought a previous laptop (same brand) smaller 12.4 inch before this one and that laptop was just as bad as this one.Overall, I do not recommend this seller nor there products."
2221,"Quality is great! Can't tell it's been refurbished. It's the 13.5in. Small and very light! Love it. Touch screen works great, color is great, and functionality is great. The sound surprised me... it can get quite loud. The only downfall is that it doesn't have a memory card slot. I thought it had one but that was for the charger. Would recommend though."
2222,This is a great laptop! I bought it for college and it works great! There is a lot of space for downloading and submitting assignments. It is really nice and I love the fabric on the inside and the lit-up keyboard. Another great quality is the sound that comes from under the keyboard! I love this laptop.
2223,"I, like so many other on here, had some reservations about going with a refurbished laptop. I decided to try this one out, as the dealer had a lot of surprisingly good reviews. I’m sure glad I did! The computer came in original box, and the machine itself looks brand new; no dings, scratches, or chips and it was clean as a whistle. The start-up was quick and streamlined and so far the item functions perfectly. Only drawback was that I thought the surface laptop 2 had a removable screen and it appears I was incorrect. That was a research error on my part however. Digital drawing programs still appear to work great and the surface pen operates flawlessly with this laptop. I’m really looking forward to using this laptop for school and art!"
2224,"I over trusted a renewed item. I have one Surface Laptop 2 so that I want to buy the same one which is enough in use. Even it is end of life in MS Store, I guess it should be still in sale somewhere but it is trerrible. I got one but on the first day I received the product, the Touch Screen was totally missing. Windows told me that the device does not support Touch nor Pen so I requested a replacement order. Even the second one Windows detected the Touch and Pen function, the Touch Screen function is not stable. The screen keeps being touched even I have not touched it..."
2225,Los ventiladores suenan bastante y se calienta un poco. Pero el rendimiento es excelente
2226,Arrived on time and my wife loves her new Dell. Just what she needed.
2227,New Dell laptop would not hold charge and  company would not issue full refund when returned within 10 days to seller. Would not recommend purchases from Chief Computers-a jobber for computers. Not a reliable company.
2228,Good
2229,Works great
2230,I bought this computer for Christmas and have used it very lightly. All of the sudden today it got very hot and now it won’t turn on. Meanwhile my 8 year HP Omen is working well though it is old and much slower. I am returning this back tomorrow luckily for me it is the last day to return so I just made the cut off day for returns. Lesson learn I will go to Best Buy to buy my next laptop as soon as Amazon refunds me my money for this scrap of junk.. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE.
2231,I purchased the asus laptop on cyber Monday I got it delivered on December and since then its been nothing but problems. This computer does nothing but freeze called asus customer service since replacement isn't a option... they had me go to the bios utility...that didn't work so I installed windows to think that would help but nope even with windows 11 it still freezes. It was a laptop for business. So now I have to look at other brands I think im done with asus.Beware before you buy amd 5600H. This laptop is very fast and the speakers a very good.
2232,I am writing this review for the 90-day warranty but I am genuinely excited about the product. Just set it up and it's as advertised. Physically a very solid laptop.
2233,I am writing this review for the 90-day warranty.Been using it for a week and it is working fine. Good exterior design and came with a nice laptop case. The keyboard layout is great and the touchpad is smooth to use. The sound quality of speaker (by harman / kardon) is pretty good for a laptop.
2234,"The touchpad is simply amazing on this device, It's glass so it's super smooth to use. The battery life is good however you obviously won't get the full 15 hours, I think 12 hours is a better estimate for everyday use and 15 hours is only for video playback. In terms of speed, the ryzen 5 5600h is great the laptop has always been fast and reponsive(if you're wondering this processor is slightly faster then the m1 macbook air's multicore cpu processing speed. The gpu is integrated so it will be slower than anything with a dedicated gpu when it comes to gaming and video editing). The screen is nice as it is anti-glare with 100% sRGB. The one thing I want to point out about this device is the price because for 900 canadian(got mine for 899) you're getting something that is worth atleast 200 dollars more."
2235,"Este equipo es una gran adquisición, tiene una gran potencia y velocidad en  tamaño impresionante. La bateria rinde la jornada completa por lo que no tendrán problemas de quedarse sin energía, además el cargador rapido levanta 60% en una hora. Hasta ahora ha funcionado sin problema y la actualización a windows 11 fue sencilla y sin complicaciones. Solo consideren  qué la memoria RAM no puede ampliarse, los 8 Gb funcionan para ofimática y navegacion."
2236,"Aside from the shipping issue I had that came straight from Amazon, the laptop was pretty good. The only issue was the screen had a yellow tint. I tried all (literally) the troubleshooting available on the internet and also contacting Asus for help. In the end they said it was defective. I sent it back. It's pointless to buy a laptop with an OLED screen if it's bad quality. I'm having another one sent so I'll update this review when I get the next one. It would be 5 stars if it wasn't for the screen issue.BTWSpec:1135 CPU12 GB RamIn cased you were confused by the description.Update:Received the 2nd one. It has the same issue. Asus said it may be due to the Asus Splendid software. That software can't be uninstalled. Unistalling all the Asus software didn't fix it. Neither did installing a fresh Windows 10 directly from Microsoft that didn't have the Asus software. I'll be returnung the 2nd one and getting a refund."
2237,"This zippy laptop has a great screen, nice keyboard/trackpad, good battery, lightweight, plenty of RAM and storage -- an excellent budget 15.6 inch laptop.  This is a RECOMMEND -- especially if it's on sale.But it has two shortcomings worth knowing --1.  I wouldn't recommend this for someone who moves around with their laptop 24 hours a day.  I'm not saying it's flimsy but it's also not 'tough' like a business laptop.  But since I'll typically be using it in my home it's very nice for the price.2.  The real problem (which can be easily fixed by you) is super WEIRD.  I've purchased two of these.  The first one had the issue, I returned it, but then the second one had it too.Believe it or not:  installing Google Chrome can make the OLED screen fail.  (See picture.)I know this because I accidentally noticed the screen 'failed' when I installed Chrome on the first one.  I observed this anecdotally, not actually blaming Chrome.  So I returned that laptop, ordered a 2nd one, and that screen crashed PRECISELY when I installed Google Chrome.That is evidence that it's a software problem, not the OLED.  So I Googled 'Chrome breaks my Asus laptop screen' and Asus offers you advice on how to turn off 'hardware acceleration'.(It's easy, anyone can do it.  Go here -- rb.gy/riuezq)  It also claims this same issue can be triggered by their own Edge browser and by Microsoft Office.  Turn off hardware acceleration and you're all set.  I'm going to 'test' this unit to make sure it's fixed but it sure seems so.  (I told you it was weird.)I suspect others are not reporting this (yet) because they haven't updated to Windows 11 yet, which this unit can do."
2238,"Description says ""ASUS ZenBook Pro Duo 15 OLED UX582 Laptop, 15.6” OLED FHD Touch Display, Intel Core i9-11900H, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GeForce RTX 3060, ScreenPad Plus, Windows 11 Pro, Celestial Blue, UX582HM-XH96T"" when it is really a ""Asus Vivobook 15"".  False advertising and a waste of my time.  Do not open the Asus box as you will not be able to return.  Wanted to give Asus another try but after this experience I will not."
2239,"I just bought this computer with the i5 11th generation processor and 12 GB of RAM. I was aiming for an i7 / 16 GB but there was a 200 dollars difference between both and I settled for this on a Black Friday special a little below the 700 dollars mark. After using it for 3 weeks and upgrading to Windows 11, I have sufficient evidence to give you my pros and cons along with my final verdict:Pros:- Zippy in spite of the lower processor power and RAM initially sought. I have not had an instance where I have felt that the laptop needed additional power. Note: i am not a gamer, so I have used Photoshop, illustrator, Music and movies, and Office. I have kept several windows open and it kept going with no issues.- Screen. Never had an OLED before and I was blown away by the vivid colors and contrast. I even had a 4K laptop before and it is not even comparable to this one. Big points for Asus Vivobook here.- Beautiful design. It is very lightbut it does not feel flimsy at all. You need to be careful with it though as it can easily get damaged but if you are careful, it will stand out with the dark gray color, and its shape.- With the 512 GB SSD, it turns on and wakes up really fast. This is normal for this kind of hard drive.- Keys are properly spaced and easy to type in. The keyboard is lighted.CONS:- Ports are not remarkable. The USB-C cannot charge, it is only for data transmission.- It has 2 USB 2.0 and 1 USB 3.0 ports. Not a good combination.- The back cover cannot be easily disassembled to upgrade its memory.- Battery life is subpar. No more than 4 hours even with the powersaving mode on.- No touch screen.VERDICT: For the price, I am happy with the purchase. I think that the OLED screen is the feature that makes it stand out above the rest on that price range.I just scored it with 4 stars for the ports configuration and lack of functionality."
2240,"My initial impression is that it feels a bit fragile. It is light, and the display looks pretty good so far but I wish it was larger. It boots fairly quickly, but otherwise seems to be underpowered. Reading/searching an external drive on the USB 3 ports was painfully slow at times. For some reason the cursor often moves on its own and clicks often have to be repeated 2 or 3 times. The first few hours with it have been very frustrating for those reasons. Less features and connectivity than any other laptop I have owned, but also cheaper. I am hopefully receiving a warranty extension from ASUS for this feedback. I may update it after more experience with it."
2241,"Probably the cheapest oled laptop available got for $689 during Black Friday. Still great value at 799. For $1100 can get i7 with 16gb and nvidia graphics card. The intel iris graphics card has only 1gb memory on board. My 10 year old Sony has that much. So this is the biggest negative for this laptop, an incredible oled screen with an dismal graphics card. Thus the ram is used more and with 12gb, it took up about 7gb when running a 4K video. There are no description of what ram there is so I had to open it to see. There is one slot with 4gb that is replaceable with 260 pin. The other 8gb must be soldered in. I will see if it takes a 16gb memory card.Update ram info installed 16gb from silicon power"
2242,Received this laptop day after cyber Monday. The colors on the screen are amazing. I do not see any of the “yellow screen color “ issues that people have complained about. I am very impressed with this laptop so far. Well worth the $$. Also since I bought it on cyber Monday. Also got a great deal on the price. Very satisfied customer.
2243,"ASUS K513E. I wish the title wasn't completely off, because this is a great laptop for the price. I read the product description and decided to buy even though the title was off, this discrepancy is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars, definitely search up the model number to get the specs from an independent site.No indicator for NumLock but there is one for CAPS and battery chargingSpeakers on the bottom but audio is still clear and loud enough.Glossy screen, rich colour, if you are going to use outdoors or anywhere with a lot of background lights you might want to go non-glossy. Fingerprints galore on the outside though and it's not wiping off easily, but I'm using this strictly at home anyway. Lid doesn't go as far back as I thoughtQuite thin,  solid build, satisfied with purchase. VERY thrilled that ASUS touch pad continues to be top notch in feel/response/control.Would even pay a bit more to get the laptop actually described in the title."
2244,"Item description stated a ""ASUS ZenBook Pro Duo 15 OLED UX582 Laptop, 15.6” OLED FHD Touch Display, Intel Core i9-11900H, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GeForce RTX 3060, ScreenPad Plus, Windows 11 Pro, Celestial Blue, UX582HM-XH96T.""I received a Asus VivoBook. Disappointing and a hassle to return."
2245,It says an Intel i5-1135G7 but in the description it says it has a Intel Core i7-1165G7 Processor and in the question and answer form the ASUS manufacturer says it is an Intel Core i7-1165G7. but as it turns out it is an i5
2246,"I bought this machine to act as a portable home server. Its entire function is to run my automation programs 24/7. So the way I use it will most likely be far different from the average consumer. That being said upfront, here are the pros and cons I've run into so far.Pros:- Thunderbolt 4- Compact and lightweight- 11th gen Intel i5- The new Iris Pro graphics- Small bevel on the screen- Charges up fast- Upgradable RAM & M.2- Boots insanely fast (1.8 seconds)- Trackpad is very sturdy and niceCons:- Weak keyboard backlighting- Sound isn't very good (it's a tiny laptop, come on)- Light bleed around the top corners of the screen- Exhaust ports are directly behind the kbd - not on the bottom of the laptop- McAffee A/V is integrated several ways on the OS (more on this below)- Squishy keysConclusion:For $665 this is a decent laptop for my purposes. It sits on my desk with the screen closed, and I access it via remote desktop. I put a $35 laptop cooling pad underneath it, which as it turns out is worthless because there are no exhaust fans on the bottom of the unit.The keys were more squishy than I thought they'd be, and the backlight on the keyboard is very weak. On the flip side, the trackpad is actually very good. It has a fingerprint scanner built-in, and it's pretty accurate so far.There's considerable light bleed when the background is set to all black, and I was pretty shocked it was actually that bad. Luckily for me, I won't be using the screen all that much. I still might return it because of this, I'm on the fence about it.McAffee A/V is nested pretty deep in the operating system. I had to use Revo Pro to get rid of all traces of it, and it tried its best to fight back. There are folders on the C drive for the A/V which cannot be removed, even as the administrator, and that's no bueno.But is it fast? Yeah. It boots in 1.8 seconds, it ran my photoshop no problem, as well as my automation programs without a hitch (which are pretty cpu/ram intensive). I didn't try playing any games with it, as this is more of a creators/business type of machine. I'm sure it would do fine on some basic games.My final score: 3/5My background: Microsoft Certified Professional - CompTIA - Degree in Networking - I.T. Project Manager"
2247,"I’m very pleased with my laptop. It’s slim,  lightweight and powers up in about 15 seconds. I was pleasantly surprised to see a Thunderbolt 4 port. It wasn’t advertised on the specs here for this version with the i5-1135G7 processor.The battery charging can also be adjusted if you plan on keeping the laptop plugged in while in use. There is also a blue light blocking feature that can be adjusted to your preference."
2248,"I've been a Surface Pro 3&4 guy for the past 10 years.  This out performs it on all levels and the Gen.11 Intels i5's can out preform some i7's this year.  So while it was fun transferring keyboards from unit to unit (4 times) I've had enough, and can honestly say that at this price point (and the fact that  half-life 2 plays flawlessly on it) if this holds up I won't be going back to that eco system.  The USB C and the extra USB 3 are a nice touch, I appreciate that kind of fore thought.  ASUS had TSTogether when they made this machine good job."
2249,"I bought this Asus Vivobook as my new business laptop - and wanted a dependable, lightweight machine to travel with. It has everything I was looking for: good battery life, matte screen, speedy processing, good quality loudspeakers, even a nice exterior design that sticks out from the rest. So I am happy with the purchase so far. There is only one thing I am a bit disappointed about: The screen is so dimly lit that I am using it on 90-100 percent brightness all the time. Usually I am setting my computers to about 50-60 percent."
2250,"No gripes, works smoothly, screen is beautiful and keyboard is very responsive, with a very nice push under the keys. Works a lot better than my last XPS 13. Battery life could be better, but then again, I never put this on ""best battery life"" power option. This is perhaps the best your money can buy at the moment!"
2251,"I miss not having a touchscreen or a 10-key number pad, but I knew I was making those sacrifices, when I bought this laptop. The only real ""negatives"" are when you bring it back from standby/sleep mode, it's quite slow to reconnect to applications that were in use, and certain basic functions, like screen brightness, will suddenly fail to work, until updates are downloaded. I really love the look and portability, and the screen quality is great. I'm mainly using it for basic internet browsing and streaming, so it's perfect for that."
2252,"I bought this laptop to use for work, i normally uses lenovo brand but i decide to change to this asus laptop beacuse i like the specs and desing.When i recieve the laptop looks great, has a good looking, the screen are ok and its fast.but the firts disappoiment was its dont have the chance to upgrade de memory ram, so its i feel this laptop its for a home/basic use.The second disappoimnet was the difficult to see the keyboard letters, the color of the bottoms and the color of the letter shape are too similar so its to difficult to see and the light of the keyboard its too bad.And the worst its the keyboard distribution, i dont know why asus try to change the distribution of the numeric keyboard and try to do the keyboard a little smaller, so its so difficult get use to use this keyboard.If you has to write a lot and use the numeric keyboard this laptop its a nigthmare"
2253,"Now that Amazon's ""return window"" has ended, this laptop is beginning to fail to start when the power button is pressed.  It took me about ten tries over 10 minutes to get the damn thing to do anything.  Not happy."
2254,"I needed a replacement for my remote work due to required equipment returns. I was looking for something portable (less than 15"" screen), light, but could still run video calls seamlessly while multi-tasking in the background. I am one week into remote work with this laptop and it has been perfect. The typing experience is also really enjoyable?"
2255,"Little bit on the expensive side for what you get, but the laptop is sturdy. Thanks to the metal chassis. The keyboard feels nice and responsive. Having the numeric keypad, is great to have in a compact laptop. The monitor is crisp and colors are decent, but not having a touch screen is a bummer...especially when you are paying 700 dollars.  Overall, it is a great laptop to work my everyday photo editing, word processing, and playing some light games."
2256,"This computer was advertised as having a backlite keyboard.  There was nothing that came with it to indicate that feature and the Device Manager listed only a standard PS/2 keyboard. So I returned it.  From another source I obtained a very similar unit but also with the keyboard I wanted, which was clearly indicated in the Device Manager listing."
2257,"Listing is sold as brand new... after combing through the registry I found keys for games and browsers that I have never personally installed on this machine, meaning this machine was sold as brand new, 2021 HP, and nothing in the description mentioned ""refurbished"""
2258,Just what I wanted. At first I was disappointed because the keyboard wasn't showing that it was backlit. After about 2 weeks my son in law figured out the F5 key turned it on. It is bright and keys are easily seen in dim light. I love the speed of the processor! I play a game that uses a lot of memory and needs speed and it is great having that. After limping along with a dual core with 6G memory for so long this is wonderful!
2259,"The system has been misbehaving, would just blank out, I regret buying this and I wish I could return it and get back my money"
2260,I'm very happy with this laptop. It has all the features I wanted and it's fast. It also has the numbers on the right side for 10 key typing. The screen colors are fantastical well. I highly recommend it.
2261,I liked the product but found it cheaper on another store
2262,"I love the touch screen.  Never had that before, so it's nice to use.  I use this for business and school and the virtual meetings are so clear."
2263,"This laptop is exactly as I hoped it would be. The SSD makes responses very quick. There was an easy conversion from Windows 10 to Windows 11. I gave this to my wife as a Christmas present and she loves it. She was able to get all her photos off of her phone and is now working on getting software to work on them. This is a very good medium range laptop, plenty of memory and disk space. Being able to have a SD card slot makes storage unlimited."
2264,"My old laptop, only 3 yrs old was developing some serious issues and I never knew if it was going to take 10 minutes or 4 hrs. to be ready to use.....I use Avast and Malwarbytes so I'm sure viruses were not the problem.  Anyway......THIS one is ready to go in literally seconds...I am a gamer and need the speed and space and this gives me both.  I have NOT updated to Windows 11 yet, but it is available on this laptop.....You won't be disappointed....."
2265,"Por su amplia capacidad de memoria y de disco duro, provee alta velocidad para ejecutar las aplicaciones. Su pantalla táctil es sensible y facil de usar. Excelente Opción para quienes deseen un equipo de muy buen desempeño."
2266,"After reading the mixed reviews I ordered the item anyway knowing that with Amazon's return/refund policy it wouldn't be a problem if there was an issue. I've returned items before and never had a problem.WOW! I received it last night, three days early. I expected a (renewed) chromebook, but if it was renewed I couldn't tell. It was as new as new can get. The price was great, took 5 minutes to set up, it took about an hour to charge, and it's good to go. Easy for an old guy with dementia to figure out. SO FAR<>SO GOOD, I'll update this review as time goes on and I learn the possibilities of this ""new to me"" gadget/ gizmo/ widget/Chromebook. I'm impressed and it's a hell of an upgrade to my windows 7 desktop.Yes, at this point I'd buy it again and will recommend it."
2267,"The hardware is fine but the software is, effectively, defunct. I purchased a used Chromebook, admittedly, with little research into the operating system, so I could take my telehealth appointments on the go as a therapist. (I already have a hefty desktop I use daily.) Unfortunately, once a Chromebook is 5+ years old (sometimes even younger), it will simply stop updating. Planned obseletion point blank. Without updates, you can neither update the security nor run many in-browser functions. If I attempt to run a telehealth session through SimplePractice, I will get a notice to update my browser (which there is no way to do manually--done deal). You also can't use streaming services other than YouTube. I'd hoped that since it had HDMI, it could also be a way to watch Hulu, Disney+, or Netflix on my television set. Wrong. These also do not run on outdated browsers. I essentially have a non-video capable browser and that's it."
2268,I read the reviews and almost didn’t spend the money. Glad I did! My 9 yr old granddaughter uses it everyday.This is what she says about the laptop:Easy to useIt keeps a chargeSmall enough she can take it in the car.
2269,"Im one that is always making sure i do my research on things before i purchase them, especially online. This is one of those purchases that just blows my mind. Im so incredibly happy with this computer! The screen was perfect, keyboard typing like its brand new, charging great, holds charge long, lightweight, easy to use. i would recommend this to anyone looking for a good computer that you may not want to be brand new."
2270,It's been on a charger for an HR and it won't come on when I push the power button..I'm very dissatisfied with this product it was referbished in Canada don't they even chk to see if the turn on b4 they ship them out..IT WILL BE SENT BACK. I HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH AMAZON UNTIL NOW..🤬🤬🤬🤬
2271,This is a piece of junk. It stopped working after a month and a half. The screen is totally blitzed and I cannot get any kind of technical support from Amazon or Dell. It never did have a touch screen. Do not purchase.
2272,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   A mi me gustó, como ya tengo una cuenta de correo electrónico, fue fácil usarla, y lo mejor cuando la prendes su acceso es rápido para navegar, solo la primera vez que usé no podía conectarla al televisor, así que busque en mi teléfono en las herramientas el problema, y ahí encontré como hacer que se viera la pantalla en la tv,  tienes que ir  los devices para conectar al monitor. Yo solo la usó para ver en pantalla grande conectado al televisor,  para quienes hacen trabajos escolares oficina y más esto es perfecto!!!"
2273,"First it did not arrive on the promised date because the company changed it without notice so my daughter did not get her birthday present until after her birthday. Then, when it did after spending the afternoon charging with the charger's light on and the Chromebook charging light on we found the device was completely unresponsive. Would not turn on and the light at the bottom of the device had gone out. Picked it up to put it in the box and heard the not so encouraging sound of something sliding around inside of the laptop. So now my daughter is once again waiting for her birthday gift."
2274,"I wish I had taken a picture to post in the review before I sent the laptop back for a refund. I overlooked the description that is was a renewed product and that would have been fine by me if the laptop did not show up looking how it did. It was so dented and scraped up. It was poorly taken care of and completely neglected. I do not know how it passed what inspection system they have but it was not acceptable. I read the comments before purchasing so I had decent expectations. Just be weary of purchasing the product, you might receive a perfectly fine laptop but I did not. If you take the chance, just remember you might receive one that is great or decent quality or in my case receive one that looks like it was thrown around and chewed up by a dog."
2275,I had seen buy in next so many hours for overnight delivery so I purchased. However when I looked at order a few hours later it had a delivery date 5 days away. I contacted seller and they were very courteous as well as standing out in customer service as after a hold the rep ( I am thinking his name was john) came back on phone to let me know it would arrive the next day as it did and exactly as described. Greta purchase OUTSTANDING customer service
2276,"It felt cheaply made and wasn't worth over $640, it wasn't backlit and because of the sharp edges around the base it was extremely uncomfortable to use...you agreed to a return but I can't afford to pay shipping and would like to ask that you send me a label for outside the package to return?"
2277,I bought this to replace my desktop. I generally am only typing reports however I do play games from time to time with it and I will say it performs really well. I have no complaints
2278,"I previously purchased a refurbished iPad and it looked as good as new, no scratches, no dents, everything ran great. I decided to purchase another iPad for my daughter and it had a deep scratch on the screen, I returned it, then placed a second order. The second iPad had deep scratches and sticker residue on the back but the front screen seemed ok. It’s a hit or miss. I don’t have time to be mailing the item back and forth. You’re rolling the dice with these iPads. They’re SELLER refurbished quality, definitely not factory refurbished quality which would probably hold a higher standard."
2279,"I recently ordered five “renewed” iPad Air 2 tablets through Amazon.  The Air 2 was, and still is, one of the best iPad designs.  So good, in fact, that the first iPad Pro 9.7 (2018) was really just an updated Air 2 and shared the same thin construction, laminated 9.7-inch Retina display, and overall size.  The Air 2 has supported seven iOS updates and currently runs the latest iPadOS 14 –talk about longevity.  Over 2 million iPad Air 2 models were sold during its two year production that ended in early 2017. Since you can no longer buy a new Air 2, the only option is used/refurbished.  Apple devices like the iPad are remarkably durable and buying refurbished is a great way to find a ""like new"" device that will last you many years to come.  It's a good value, too: When the Air 2 was originally released, the models ranged from $500-$700.  A few years later, you can buy the same models renewed for $200-$300 --a great deal for a device that's still state-of-the-art. There's no shortage of vendors for renewed/refurbished iPads but one thing is clear:  “Renewed, like new” is a broad term that covers everything from near-mint condition to laughingly-damaged devices.  Some vendors are better, others are worse, none will be perfect.  Here’s my experience shopping over the past month: Vendor #1:  All Out Apple I purchased two iPad Air 2’s from this seller, one 32GB and one 64GB.  Both arrived in good condition, packaged safely, and they work fine.  The cosmetic defects are OK --a few light scratches and discoloration on the back of the case on one and a few nicks and shallow dent on the back of the other.  When held at “arm’s length” per Amazon's criteria the issues are not that visible.  The display/touchscreenS are fine.  The batteries in each last the normal 8 or so hours under typical use. The vendor includes a decent 2.4A (12W) USB charger and cable with each device similar to the original iPad charger for fast charging times.  Vendor #2:  Platinum Deals[UPDATED 3/6/21:  I purchased four iPad Air 2’s from this seller, three 32GB and one 64GB.  One of the 32GB arrived in close to ""like new"" condition.  The cosmetic defects were minimal, however, after two weeks use, I noticed that a portion of the display backlight would flicker when set to the lowest brightness setting --the sign of a failing LED in the backlight.  I returned this iPad for another from same seller and the replacement works fine so far.  However, the cosmetic condition of the replacement is not as good as the first one since there are noticeable blemishes all the way around the aluminum bezel and there are a couple light scratches on the surface of the display glass.]  The other two iPads were, unfortunately, a totally different story:  each one was delivered literally bent in the middle --not dented but actually deformed, as in the device was not flat!  This had nothing to do with shipping since the devices were well-packed and the boxes were undamaged.  The deformation on each device distorted the display glass and it was easy to see the permanent distortion when viewing along the edge of the device.  On one iPad, the deformation was severe enough to cause backlight distortion that showed up as bright spots along the edge of the LCD (see photos).  The fact that the refurbisher considered these two bent iPads to be ""renewed, like new"" is both hilarious and sad.  Of course, both of the bent iPads went right back in their boxes for return to Amazon (I put a bright yellow post-it on each one to hopefully warn whoever inspects the returned devices not to turn around and sell them again.)  This vendor also included different USB chargers (either 8W or 12W USB-A or, incorrectly, one of them was USB-C) and cable with each device so they are not consistent --the 12W charger is the correct one for faster charging times.  I do give the vendor credit for immediately sending me the correct charger to replace the wrong USB-C charger delivered with one of the Air 2 units.ADVICE:  So, my advice is to inspect your ""renewed"" iPad carefully since the vendors are not consistent in the overall condition of what they'll send you.  The iPad Air 2, in particular, is remarkably thin and perhaps more prone to getting bent if mishandled during its life --perhaps explaining why bent ones find their way to a refurbisher in the first place.  The Air 2 has a wide tolerance for being bent and still work without a problem. However, it's quite clear that ""like new"" may not necessarily mean ""not bent"" for the ultra-thin Air 2 so use the 90-day Amazon Renewed Guarantee wisely to make sure your renewed device meets a reasonable definition of ""like new"" upon receipt.Overall, I'm happy with the two renewed iPads I decided to keep (32GB models, one from each vendor listed above).  I'm not sure that any one vendor does a better job in selecting ""like new"" iPads but clearly, one of the above did not have an issue sending two bent iPads.Finally, be aware that the 90-day Amazon Renewed Guarantee says you'll get a full refund if not satisfied, however, some of the refurb vendors claim to charge return shipping and restocking fees.  The Amazon Renewed policy is not clear about this so if you're charged fees for the return then you should contact Amazon to have them correct it."
2280,I bought this item as a Christmas gift and received it very prompt but there was a problem . i didn't bother to check the iPad which was a major mistake. they opened it on christmas and it wouldn't turn on. The iPad would not hold a charge it would charge enough to turn on and then turn back off bc of low battery. Amazon was very helpful and help me through the return process to receive my funds.
2281,"This was used, didn't look refurbished. Heavy scratches on the back side by the power plug and it came with generic power cord (although it was a new cord)... front button was dirty, I had to wipe it down! (GROSS)Apparently no one ""factory refurbished it"" because it was not factory reset and it was still set to Spanish language and it was in the previous owners name!!! (I had access to their information!)  It took me some time and searching the internet to figure how to put it in English language so I could reset it to factory to start over.Then, I had to plug it into ITUNES to set it up in my name, it wouldn't set it up as a new device.and finally, the screen went all grainy and I had to restart to recover it. So it was returned for a refund.I wrote the seller about it but received NO response. I would buy elsewhere if I had to do it again!I usually don't have an issue with refurbished gear but this one was a bad experience.Id pass on this seller and if possible, buy NEW!"
2282,"""Certified Refurbished"" on Amazon is practically meaningless. There are no rigorous standards that the company is expected to comply with. I don't know about you, but I expect a ""certified refurbished"" iPad to last longer than a 90 day warranty. Mine did not. It stopped being able to charge one month after the warranty ended, and is now worth nothing. Not even a few bucks for a trade-in. I've had it looked at by technicians, so I'm sure it's dead. My iPad was in a nice leather case, treated very carefully, never got dirty, never was dropped, no liquids, no extreme temperatures, nothing. It still looks brand new. This was just a defective product with a ticking time bomb. Don't be tempted by the ""certified refurbished"" label. It is not the same as a manufacturer's certification, which typically does have rigorous standards and solid warranties. (My first review was denied for going into more detail here, but you can do your own research.) Do yourself a favor and stay away from these products."
2283,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen is felling apart, and the back of the iPad is not even flat, it’s like something had not been installed properly inside. This is not a renewed or used product, it’s a damaged iPad with a third party low quality screen replacement."
2284,"Device had a minor scratch on the back, no problem right? So I thought, until after about two hours of using the iPad, the digitizer (the touch sensor) became completely unresponsive. Cannot trust this certified refurbished product. Going to Apple, same price much higher quality refurbished products! I dabbled in the third-party area, and I got burnt!"
2285,"Purchased the 64gb gold one. Fired it up and immediately had a battery issue. Hardware related, no fault of the battery itself. Emailed the retailer and within 6 hours received a response and after giving my order number, got a shipping label, and item is on way back for refund. In the meantime I purchased another one to replace it, and this unit has been flawless so far. No scratches on either one, had no issues updating it, or anything else so far. I will update this if I have an issue with getting the refund on the first one. Would I purchase again? So far, yes."
2286,"iPAD was supposedly certified as refurbished; however, it was NOT.  I was brand new to Apple products when I bought this device and really did not know much about navigating my way around. I also made the mistake of taking too long to put the Air 2 through its paces, and as usual, life got in the way.  When I finally did start trying to use it, I found all kinds of problems with it--it won't return HOME when you push the Home key; it won't load apps; it won't accept  a fingerprint ID, etc. I thought at first it was me, but I asked an experienced user to try it and he found the same problems.  The refurbisher (Kanga Electronics) would NOT do anything about it, claiming it was past the warranty (I think it was about 6-9 months old at the time).  They wouldn't even offer to try to fix it!  They give new meaning to the phrase: ""Let the Buyer beware"".  The iPAD cost WAY TOO MUCH for this kind of treatment and you can bet I will NEVER buy anything else from these people, refurbished or new.  What a rip-off this was!!"
2287,"I was amazed that I got it the next day.That amazement faded fast when I picked up the box and heard the iPad rattling around inside.Sure enough, it was DOA.After contacting support and trying different things to get the power on, it was agreed it was a goner. And, the return was approved.Even before I printed out the label I ordered another. Shucks, it's going to take 4 days to get it. Oh well, maybe it will be packaged better.I'll be sure to post about it as soon as I see if it will power up"
2288,"It has everything I needed except for enough USB ports. Other than that, I love this labtop."
2289,"I like it because it has a lot of memory, but I couldn't find one with a built in BluRay player like my previous one had."
2290,"Boots from cold off to on in ~5 seconds!Excellent gaming performance via STEAM CS:GOFans spool up to a loud state while gaming to keep GPU & CPU coolSystem opens via normal Philips 000 screws of the bottom plate, exposing the logic board & 45 WH lipo batteryOnce inside the machine you will find an extra space for a second M.2 NVMe drive, a second RAM slot open for upgrading easily & even a full SSD slot for adding an SSD to the machine!Excellent 17inch 144hz screen dims nicely & has many color modes including low blue night modesSound most excellent from two vibration isolated (rubber grommet mount) speakers inside that produce excellent volumes levels & surprising base output for their size & design, utilizing some kind of volume optimized acoustically tuned housing to enhance the speakers output & dynamic range.Power brick gets really warm when system running full playing video gamesBuild quality seems really good, including the heatpipe to heatsink fin cooling system on the left & right rear that blows hot air out the back of the unit near the base of where the display connects to the keyboard case. Air even sucked in from the keyboard in gaming specific zones to keep your fingers cool & dry while playing Esports etcValue most excellent given combo of hardware & build quality for $850 that's hard to beat in early 2021Battery life unsurprisingly mediocre given the 11.4v 4050mah 3S lipo inside the unit, seems like about 3.5-4 hours just browsing the web in Edge, or about 1 hours on battery when playing CS:GO with low settings //I really like the user upgradable design that's easy to open for cleaning or upgrading with simple basic tools nearly everyone has, a 00 or 000 Philips + style screw driver // only 1 corner screw shorter than all the others which are the same length! Thank you Asus!Comes with easy to remove bloatware & the factor M.2 drive really fast with file transfers.Wireless network performance exceptionally fast & low latency! Maxes out potential of my Comcast Xfinity serviceVery light weight or low mass of about 5 lbs which is really amazing given size of the display, making it easily portable & lighter to move around for excellent ergonomics.A full keyboard with number pad makes the IO a pleasure, though your going to want to use a mouse for gaming, since gaming with the touchpad not ideal for fast pace games //"
2291,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   IT has been my livelihood for more than 30 years. I built many of my own computers. My current custom water-cooled Tower is in storage as I'm in the middle of a move.I needed a semi-decently powered laptop to use while my RIG is stored away. This Asus TUF laptop caught my attention for being decently powered but not breaking the bank. When first received I was pleasantly surprised. Speed, nice sized screen. I updated all the drivers needing so as well as patched the OS.The issue starts as soon as I play any MP4 video using any player be it the built in Media player or using VLC the 1650 Ti GPU takes a crap. Video goes all awry. I've attached a video to show this. I'm not going to be dealing with a BRAND NEW laptop having video issues right out of the box. It's going back."
2292,"5 star, if you want it for gaming, get it, i use it to play World of Warcraft: Shadowlands.It runs everything at high performance and does not get heat up.If you are a gamer, get one"
2293,"Reading the reviews for this PC, I was expecting this laptop to sound like it's about to take off at mach 5, but it's really not that loud compared to a struggling older PC or an original PS4 pro whose fan is overworked on newer games. Sure it's not quiet by any means, but not nearly as distracting as I anticipated. Performs well but does get pretty warm during intensive gaming even with an additional cooling pad underneath, so definitely get one of those. The weirdest thing is that when you plug or unplug your charger, the screen goes black for a couple of seconds, presumably due to switching power settings. Shouldn't be an issue during gaming sessions however as of course you should have it plugged in for performance anyway, but something to be wary of if your charger cable ever starts to go out. Internal memory isn't huge so I did buy an additional 4TB SSD, which installed smoothly. Runs FFXIV without issues and scored an extremely high on the Shadowbringers benchmark and a very high on the Endwalker benchmark, so should be good for MMO gaming for another couple of years without upgrades."
2294,"Well, partially it’s my fault. I wanted to skimp out on paying for full price and this is what I got. A laptop that works fine.. if it werent for a non working screen. I got it for 732$ for an almost new product—it should be perfect; but with missing packaging. It’s fine for me, i thought. I couldnt be more wrong.Shipping took forever. 3 days before they ship it out. Arrived after a week and a half.As soon as i pressed the power button, the leds would turn on, as well as the keyboard would have the lights, but no display. Just a black display of nothingness.I was so furious when it did that. I had to call Asus support and they told me to send it back. Which in no way in hell i would do because i aint paying for shipping for a defective product. I called amazon and they said they’ll refund it. Bought myself a brand new acer nitro instead. Now im scared if that laptop would be defective too."
2295,"First, let me say that I have the version with the 1650Ti, not the 3050. Mine also includes the Webcam, full RGB keyboard, and num pad. There is a slim version that does not have this.Now, I bought this laptop to replace my old daily driver that had a 1050. This laptop is miles better than that one in terms of image quality, GPU power, screen refresh, and sound.I've been using this laptop daily since I bought it. I added a 1TB SSD for storage, upgraded the RAM from the included 8GB to 32GB, and dropped the refresh rate to 60Hz to help battery life (which I will get to later).As far as this goes as a gaming laptop, I've been able to run everything I've thrown at it at max settings. Fallout 76 runs at a solid 48fps (its capped there for some strange reason) at max settings. Gears 5 runs at 60fps (again, capped) on max settings even with all the environment and snow particles. With the IPS display, these games look super good. Huge upgrade to my previous laptops TN display. The colors are absolutely crisp and deep.The sound quality is decent. It's not studio music quality, but it's definitely decent enough for gaming without any noticeable clipping issues. I'm able to discern bass, mid, and treble without a lot of muddiness. Obviously, it's not perfect as they are laptop speakers, but given that restriction, I'd say it does very well.Now, the only complaint I have is the battery life. It's nowhere near the advertised. My old laptop with adjusted settings reached 6-7 hours. This one with the same settings reaches only MAYBE 2. If you're playing a game, you'll be lucky to hit an hour. This is not a laptop to play on battery. The higher the graphic quality and the higher you keep the refresh rate (like the native 144hz) the worse it'll be. Even with dropping the refresh to 60 and playing a game that doesn't require the 1650Ti, it still only will last about an hour. Watching videos is longer, but that's still about 2 hours, give or take.Overall a good purchase provided you want it plugged in most of the time."
2296,"No issues so far, great laptop for the price. The larger screen I love; I did do an upgrade to 16GB DDR4 and added 1T secondary m2, still have room for a standard SSD if I want.The upgrade wasn't a required upgrade just something I did to make it a bit more future proof and expand so I could also use it for work.Even with the upgrade the price is below 1100.00 for a very capable Gaming machine.Playing Fallout 4 before the upgrade I was using Ultimate settings and it never slowed down or stuttered.You do sometimes notice the fans spin a bit faster but that's to be expected. It doesn't get hot that I have found, it's heavy but again to be expected; it's built to be tough, to take the bumps and bangs a laptop gets and keep on going.Looks great to, I do notice some fingerprints/palmprints leaving marks but a quick wipe-down removes them."
2297,"I had the Asus 750 before that for which I paid around $1250 and after 7 years began to show its age - albeit still very useable. Thinking  needed to spend that amount again or even more, my local computer guy recommended the F17, voicing several very distinct features which this had, over my old one.One of them was that the weight and thickness were 50% of my old one.Once I had bought a 1TB SSD, double the memory, exterior DVD player/burner and a few other small accessories, the final bill - after configuration by my computer guy- was under $1250.I have various design programs on it in 2D and 3D, along with tons of high res photos. The F17 has plenty of oomph to digest everything. It starts up in the blink of an eye.This laptop is worth every Dollar and you'd be very silly indeed to pass this over as a first or replacement."
2298,"I do not use this computer for gaming. I only use it for trading stocks, watching YouTube videos and occasionally browsing and uploading movies. The battery life is horrible! As for the sound…. I watch a lot of YouTube videos about stocks. The sound is VERY low. I have all sound cranked up to 100 and it’s STILL low! I would say this is NOT good for gamers. I would not buy this if you are looking for long battery life and loud speakers. The fan is also quite loud."
2299,"So I got this to play FF14 while I travel and am away from my actual gaming PC, and this does the job perfectly. It's just generally a really capable laptop -- handles streaming, gaming, did some remote work and calls on it np, etc.I love how lightweight and quiet it is.There was only one initial problem I had with it which would have been a deal breaker if there hadn't been such an easy solution -- while I was waiting in that 4k+ q that's the current reality (as of the EW expac), this pc's fans started going haywire.. SOOO loud, heated up, unacceptable. To fix: simply adjust your maximum power state. Docking it a mere 2% will stop it from making any insane noises and return it to the silent, smooth state it runs in when doing everything else (only had the problem when running games, but again super easy fix.  (if you don't know how to adjust this or what that means this is how you fix: Right click your lil battery icon, hit power options, next to the ""ASUS Recommended"" power plan click ""change plan settings"", ""change advanced power settings"", ""processor power management"", ""maximum power state"" -- reduce this from 100% to 98%. Problem solved, resume quiet, beautiful laptop fun)."
2300,"I got this computer to replace an older HP that had gotten slow and lacked Bluetooth. It works better than I could have hoped! The keyboard is excellent. A responsive keyboard is very important to me, and this one does not disappoint. Connected to Wi-Fi effortlessly, Bluetooth is a breeze. I find very few differences between WIN 10 on my old laptop to the WIN 11 here. I highly recommend it! My main use is leisure - email, some minimal graphic and video creation, and surfing the Internet. This little gem keeps up with my multitasking easily."
2301,"This is my first new Windows laptop in nearly eight years; the previous one is a Dell Inspiron 15R that has seen several upgrades and parts replaced but badly needed to be retired.  I had intended on getting an Inspiron 15 5510 with 16GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD but the price just wasn't right.  I settled for this system with the AMD Ryzen 7 and a 512GB SSD.Unboxing the laptop made me think I made a huge mistake.  This is much smaller than my 15R.  I knew thinness coming into it as well as weight; this is a full pound and a half lighter than the 15R, and that will go a long way in the future (more on that later).  It didn't look like a 15"" laptop, but it really is.The screen is a touchscreen.  I used it only once just to see how it worked.  It works.  I don't ever intend on using it ever again because I do not like fingerprints on my laptop screen and I don't think a touchscreen is a useful feature on a laptop.  It is a higher resolution screen than the 15R but it is not the best in the world.  Granted, my M1 MacBook Air has a smaller screen but it is so freaking sharp and amazing, so much so that I think it blows away every other laptop screen on the market.  The screen on this is not a dealbreaker; I don't intend on using the laptop to watch Netflix or any TV shows or whatnot.  It is going to be used exactly what a computer is intended to be used.The keyboard is really nice.  I had destroyed the original keyboard on the 15R and ordered a replacement off Amazon.  It was the loudest keyboard in the world and sometimes some keys just wouldn't type.  I also could not upgrade to a backlit one (again, another MacBook feature I love).  Both the 5510 and 5515 I was looking at had backlit keyboards, and that was a must-have for me.  This one is much quieter, exactly how a laptop keyboard should sound.  F5 to refresh needed to push the Fn key then F5, but then I learned through Google you can make it so that when you hit the refresh key you can make that a primary function.The power cord is a 65W AC adapter with a much smaller plug; not compatible with what I had for the 15R.  I'll be purchasing a second one for travel.  I'm not so sure I'll use the USB-C port to charge the battery and power the laptop while traveling.  I may end up doing that.In terms of USB ports and all, it's nice that there is an HDMI port, one USB-C, and two USB-A ports.  One of the big selling points for me was that it also had an SD card reader.  That in itself seems like something many laptops being sold in 2022 are being shipped without, forcing the user to buy a potentially costly SD card reader of some sort or USB-C multi-hub.  I wish I had one more USB-A port but that would probably add some weight to the laptop.  I'll be buying a pair of USB-A hubs at some point, one for home and one for travel, especially since I need one USB-A for a wireless mouse (though I might look into Bluetooth mice).Weight was another factor in the purchase.  I originally had my eye on the 5510 because it started at 3.6 pounds.  My 15R was somewhere around 5.1 pounds.  Let me say that this 5515 is a pleasure to carry around.  As a videographer who travels quite a bit by airline, my travel backpack weighs in around 30 pounds with a reduced camera load, which includes PC and Mac and accessories and your typical toiletries.  Making that bag 1.5 pounds lighter will feel real good.  I also had an eye on a custom build HP 15t-dy200, which weighed in around 3.8 pounds, but HP has a ton of issues with custom builds as per comments I've seen on Reddit.Finally, expandability.  I have a MacBook Air that I regret not having 16GB of RAM, but even with 8GB it is one hell of an amazing machine, one that no PC out there today could match.  The Dell Inspiron 15 5515 I got has 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD.  I really wanted a 1TB SSD but settled for the 512GB.  The memory can be expanded to a max of 32GB (two 16GB sticks) and I plan to do that in the future.  The real kicker is learning that the 5515 (and probably the 5510 as well) has room for a second SSD.  I plan to research this a little more because I definitely want to add a second SSD.  It's a type of SSD that I had never heard about until I researched it, and I'm pretty sure the second SSD can be no larger than 2TB.Overall, with writing this only 30 hours since it arrived, I really like this laptop.  I hope I can get many years out of this like I did with my previous Dell."
2302,"i bought the laptop and measured it, and it is 10.7"" x 6.6"" and this is nowhere near the said measurements.working great will update soon."
2303,"great computer, easy to set up and use windows 11"
2304,Exellent
2305,This laptop in not quiet! and  it gets hot in the middle keyboard!Dell should  be ashamed!
2306,Good Laptop for its price
2307,"Proceed with caution. This computer worked fine for the first few days & I loved it. Very fast, Windows 11 was even nice. I tried to use the microphone on it and learned it didn’t work. None of the usual troubleshooting features fixed the problem, so I decided to do a system reset and restore, thinking that I’ve just gotten the computer and a reset should fix any issues. Wrong. It won’t start up and shows two different error codes. When I try to to OS Recovery through Support Assist, I get a message “We are missing some of your system details needed to finish the restore.” I called Dell Support and they suggested that there may be non-Dell parts that are responsible for this. There’s no reason why a reset of a seemingly new system resulted in the computer not working. I’m going to send it to their technicians to look at and will update. I loved it until I was unable to recover or reset the system. As I said, proceed with caution.Edit: I was able to get it fixed with the help of a tech savvy friend. I skipped sending it to Dell, and it works like new."
2308,"Pantalla mate me gusto mucho porque no refleja nada llevo unos 4 meses con ella y e podido jugar mucho hacer tareas, y proyectos sin ningún problema, su calidad de materiales me gusta el aluminio y el metal la hacen ver elegante y lo increíble esque es muy fina perfecta para los viajes, el único problema la gráfica me limita mucho sus 2gigas de RAM si tuviera una 3060 o una 3060ti sería perfecta."
2309,I like this computer.  It didn't take too long to set it up with my files and passwords.
2310,Lo utilice para regalar
2311,"Una lap ágil y poderosa para las tareas del día a día, no se agacha y fácil de configurar"
2312,"I figured 4GB of RAM would be sufficient just for day to day use. I was a bit disappointed in 128GB of storage and decided that even though it was a really nice machine for the price, for another $80 and change I could really make it fly.. if you look at my photos you can see that there's built in space for a 2.5 in SATA drive. In addition there is room to add memory and I decided to add another 8GB of RAM along with the SATA drive and 480 GB of storage. Obviously it makes a huge difference. If you look at the pictures I posted you can see that the Acer storage is depleted by half as soon as you turn the machine on. The Steve drive is the one that I installed. Plenty of storage now. The circled in red photo shows the increase in RAM... WHEN LOOKING FOR INSTRUCTIONS be aware that this model came out back in May of this year. There are very few instructional videos or written pieces to explain where this memory goes. The SATA drive is pretty self-explanatory. The only video I could find with this particular machine is provided by a user whose name is.   @Silicon Edge   you have to go to YouTube and search that name. I don't believe Amazon would allow me to post a link. It's not in English but all you have to do is watch his hands. If you try other videos you might think it's the machine you've bought until you open the back of yours and you look at the back of theirs and realize that it's different. I highly recommend temporarily taking out the screw on your right side of the battery to secure the ribbon clip. Then just readjust the battery and put the screw back in. Watch the video you'll know exactly what I mean. I love this computer. For $460 including the new ram I upgraded this machine. It would have cost me way more than that to buy it with that memory and that storage from scratch. Quick PS. I bought an HP 27 inch monitor here on Amazon and created a nice little setup. $169. You'll love the machine Don't think twice just buy it. If you want some speed, I mean real speed just upgrade the RAM and the storage. I used crucial. That's the brand name for the SATA and the RAM..... READ ABOUT THE UPGRADES..... You don't want to perform Overkill. The processor wasn't made for it. I'm no techie so I did a lot of reading before I did this."
2313,"Do not waste your time with this. I thought I would look past the bad reviews of this product because it was affordable and I just need it for really simple Word docs. Well, day TWO of trying to use the computer and the mouse pad is not working at all. Looks like this has happened to multiple people. This was a terrible purchase, and I already threw away the box unfortunately. This was the worst purchase of my entire year."
2314,"Whenever the laptop enters idle state or the lid is closed for a few minutes, the laptop becomes unresponsive.  The screen is black, no keyboard or mouse input is accepted, and the fan makes a surging sound.  In order to use the computer, the power button must be held down for 10 seconds to perform a hard reset.  This means that every single time I go to use the laptop, it must be first powered down, powered up, rebooted in order to function.  I tried restoring factory settings which removed all non-included applications.  The issue remained after resetting to factory state."
2315,"Literally the only way you can hear anything is in a dead quiet room, not that great even connected to a Bluetooth speaker.  Battery life is a mere 5 hours. Probably the most disappointing laptop I've ever bought.Updated to add that it will randomly have issues turning on.New update: has now become a daily ordeal attempting to get it to actually turn on."
2316,"I bought this laptop in June for my sister, who is a school teacher.  She used it lightly over the summer and then for one week, in class, last week (second week of August)and it over heated and now it won't run.  Amazon no longer has a 90 Day guaranty, only a 30 day.The call center lady wanted to help me, but could not ,because she did not have the authorization. All she could do was give me the phone number of the manufacturer, who would not answer their phone.Frankly I am shocked at this.  This is the third Acer I have bought for my sister. In the past, they each lasted 3 years with heavy, classroom use. But not this one.Caveat Emptor"
2317,"I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this laptop. It seemed like a good computer for the price. Many if the reviews said it was short on memory. It has a SSD drive but it is a bit on the small side, and the built in ram was lacking at only 4 gb. There is an open slot for ram and a space for a second hard drive already there. The company included a pack of hard drive screws with a web site to instruct you on how to install a second drive. Since I had a like new 1tb laptop drive and a 8gb memory card laying around, I waisted no time. The upgrade was simple.Honestly, I have no complaints with this laptop. Some people complained about the screen. I don't know why, it's very clear to me. Battery life is fine, but I am just a home user so I am not on it for hours at a time. The speakers point down from under the computer, but I can still hear what I need to so no big deal to me. I even don't mind the touch pad on this one (hated the one on my last computer).If you are a gamer or someone who needs a super powerful computer for intense graphics, this probably isn't your best choice. But for home use, I am very happy with this laptop and would certainly recommend it."
2318,"So far this thing is awesome. It’s an i3 and it’s pretty quick! I don’t do a lot of saving/downloading to the hard drive so I didn’t require a larger amount of space. I did however load the Microsoft Suite and Antivirus software and I still have plenty of space. I don’t think I’ve ever had a laptop as quick as this one. Plus it comes with Windows 11 and it seems very user friendly. I am coming off of trying to navigate a Chromebook before just giving it away because I needed a PC. I think that if you plan to download a lot of documents, photos, or music and can use an external hard drive this will be perfect for you. I’ve only had it for a couple weeks so I’ll come back and update if I have any issues, but so far super smooth sailing."
2319,"Llego rápido a Chile, el peso es en termino medio ni tan ligero ni tan pesado. Es muy bonita la laptop tiene la pantalla full HD, 1920x1080, es rápida con el i3 11th, viene con 4gb de ram soldada + una ranura adicional para agregarle ram ddr4 Sodimm, recomiendo una ram de 3200 o 2666 1.2v, ya que el procesador es muy rápido te andará muy bien. Por si te preocupa el cargador en Chile no hay problema funciona re bien. El teclado es la versión US sin la ñ, igual en el Windows le colocas teclado latinoamericano y la tecla derecha de la ""L"" la reconoce como Ñ. Recomiendo esta laptop por su precio a mi me costo en total total 323mil pesos Chilenos para trabajar en programación, ofimática, clases online, etc. No la recomiendo para jugar a menos que incrementes la Ram, pero juegos como LoL y Valorant funcionan bien en gráficos bajos. El sonido es lo normal por el precio no tendrás un sonido detallista. En resumen la laptop es muy rápida, buena, bonita, buen sistema de refrigeración, lo malo es la Ram y el almacenamiento de 128 (al momento de ocuparla solo tienes 80gb libres es urgente que compres un HDD o SSD) yo tengo un hdd de 1TB de 5200 rpm, funciona bastante fluido nada que decir. El i3 11th puedes compararlo en la pagina versus por si estas inseguro, yo los compare e hice benchmark y es un procesador bastante rápido en mono núcleo, pero con una ram adicional esta laptop es una bestia."
2320,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I bought this saying it’s good for school being that I am a teacher can make my lessons plan and use PowerPoint to create lessons. So far so good the soft ware was blocked I YouTubed and unlocked it out of Smode so for me it’s fine and got the job done!I recently started noticing that my laptop overheats for no reason. As once I turn it on and I put it down for 15 -20 mins. The entire laptop overheats. And once that happens that’s it for some time I have to wait until it catches itself and then proceed with whatever I was doing before.I mean I expect something to go wrong but I have had it since July 2021 and it’s March 2022 and from January I noticed the overheating. And trust me I don’t charge it too often.All in all, I am preparing my mind to know I have to start looking for a new laptop soon. Because this one is definitely going to give up on me by July 2022.I like the laptop tough wish I had gotten a better one."
2321,"This Acer A515-56-36UT is just what I was looking for, I am not a young person so I cant answer gaming questions, I dont know how they would run, For what I do, check email watch some youtube, play videos-stream, and some BigFish games I am very pleased with this lap top, Yes I would tell a friend.  ~D~"
2322,"Ordered and this arrived within 4 days. Laptop is basically brand new so overall I'm impressed. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because there is a very small tad bit of wear on the edge on the keyboard. No one would ever notice unless you tried hard to look at it.Spec's were as advertised (8GB RAM, 256 SSD, i5). Screen quality is amazing, Glossy and clean. Keyboard is in brand new condition.I will say I am impressed with how they packaged the product, knowing it's a refurbished device. It came in an authentic Microsoft box."
2323,"Love how nicely it syncs up with my android/Google products. It's fast, light, and a good battery life. I am not an expert on laptops, but needed something reliable that I could stream movies on, and have good video for long distance chats. Love the metal, and I got a plastic sticky cover because I was worried my hands would stain the fabric. So far, it's performed excellent."
2324,"The computer is great. Graphics are good, touch screen is awesome, the keyboard is lit, but when I received my laptop the charger was broken then a week later the touch pad was jammed. I’m not an aggressive clicker so how it jammed is beyond me. But this review isn’t so much for the laptop cause it’s a great laptop but mainly for the company. They were so understanding when I contacted them and they gave me a full refund. They had great customer service. Again the computer is great. I just probably got that one bad one in the batch. I would recommend this computer and company If your looking for a surface!"
2325,Bought the black version of the Surface Laptop 2 and was thoroughly impressed with the condition as being new.I ran a battery test after running the plethora of Windows updates and the battery was new!Sometimes with used or refurbs this is where things can slide a but not in this case. Definitely passed all Microsoft Certified Ref specs.Highly recommended. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend buying this way for a nice discount.
2326,had this not even two weeks and the laptop wouldn't charge and then I was surprise to see a crack on my screen after I closed my laptop and open it and then Microsoft expect you to pay for the damage cause by them building a shirt product. and they have a history of these things having issues. do your self a favor and spend the extra cash for an I mac or a dell and this coming from someone who been buying Microsoft product for year even when they had the zune
2327,"Pros.1. Fast shipping.2. No cosmetic damage.3. Very nice/beautiful laptop for the price.BUT!Cons.1. As soon as I opened up the laptop I realized the touch screen did not work.2. Went to check if it needed updates, over 20 of them! Took about 1-2 hours to get everything updated. The computer got very hot.3. Touchscreen still was not working. Contacted Microsoft support and walked through a lot of trouble shooting steps, first found out this laptop had a very OLD windows version, so had to update this. And then took more trouble shooting steps since the touch screen was still NOT working. Microsoft stated it was a hardware issue, I am working with MICROSOFT TO GET THIS RESOLVED. I bought a previous laptop (same brand) smaller 12.4 inch before this one and that laptop was just as bad as this one.Overall, I do not recommend this seller nor there products."
2328,"Quality is great! Can't tell it's been refurbished. It's the 13.5in. Small and very light! Love it. Touch screen works great, color is great, and functionality is great. The sound surprised me... it can get quite loud. The only downfall is that it doesn't have a memory card slot. I thought it had one but that was for the charger. Would recommend though."
2329,This is a great laptop! I bought it for college and it works great! There is a lot of space for downloading and submitting assignments. It is really nice and I love the fabric on the inside and the lit-up keyboard. Another great quality is the sound that comes from under the keyboard! I love this laptop.
2330,"I, like so many other on here, had some reservations about going with a refurbished laptop. I decided to try this one out, as the dealer had a lot of surprisingly good reviews. I’m sure glad I did! The computer came in original box, and the machine itself looks brand new; no dings, scratches, or chips and it was clean as a whistle. The start-up was quick and streamlined and so far the item functions perfectly. Only drawback was that I thought the surface laptop 2 had a removable screen and it appears I was incorrect. That was a research error on my part however. Digital drawing programs still appear to work great and the surface pen operates flawlessly with this laptop. I’m really looking forward to using this laptop for school and art!"
2331,"I over trusted a renewed item. I have one Surface Laptop 2 so that I want to buy the same one which is enough in use. Even it is end of life in MS Store, I guess it should be still in sale somewhere but it is trerrible. I got one but on the first day I received the product, the Touch Screen was totally missing. Windows told me that the device does not support Touch nor Pen so I requested a replacement order. Even the second one Windows detected the Touch and Pen function, the Touch Screen function is not stable. The screen keeps being touched even I have not touched it..."
2332,Los ventiladores suenan bastante y se calienta un poco. Pero el rendimiento es excelente
2333,Arrived on time and my wife loves her new Dell. Just what she needed.
2334,New Dell laptop would not hold charge and  company would not issue full refund when returned within 10 days to seller. Would not recommend purchases from Chief Computers-a jobber for computers. Not a reliable company.
2335,Good
2336,Works great
2337,I bought this computer for Christmas and have used it very lightly. All of the sudden today it got very hot and now it won’t turn on. Meanwhile my 8 year HP Omen is working well though it is old and much slower. I am returning this back tomorrow luckily for me it is the last day to return so I just made the cut off day for returns. Lesson learn I will go to Best Buy to buy my next laptop as soon as Amazon refunds me my money for this scrap of junk.. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE.
2338,I purchased the asus laptop on cyber Monday I got it delivered on December and since then its been nothing but problems. This computer does nothing but freeze called asus customer service since replacement isn't a option... they had me go to the bios utility...that didn't work so I installed windows to think that would help but nope even with windows 11 it still freezes. It was a laptop for business. So now I have to look at other brands I think im done with asus.Beware before you buy amd 5600H. This laptop is very fast and the speakers a very good.
2339,I am writing this review for the 90-day warranty but I am genuinely excited about the product. Just set it up and it's as advertised. Physically a very solid laptop.
2340,I am writing this review for the 90-day warranty.Been using it for a week and it is working fine. Good exterior design and came with a nice laptop case. The keyboard layout is great and the touchpad is smooth to use. The sound quality of speaker (by harman / kardon) is pretty good for a laptop.
2341,"The touchpad is simply amazing on this device, It's glass so it's super smooth to use. The battery life is good however you obviously won't get the full 15 hours, I think 12 hours is a better estimate for everyday use and 15 hours is only for video playback. In terms of speed, the ryzen 5 5600h is great the laptop has always been fast and reponsive(if you're wondering this processor is slightly faster then the m1 macbook air's multicore cpu processing speed. The gpu is integrated so it will be slower than anything with a dedicated gpu when it comes to gaming and video editing). The screen is nice as it is anti-glare with 100% sRGB. The one thing I want to point out about this device is the price because for 900 canadian(got mine for 899) you're getting something that is worth atleast 200 dollars more."
2342,"Este equipo es una gran adquisición, tiene una gran potencia y velocidad en  tamaño impresionante. La bateria rinde la jornada completa por lo que no tendrán problemas de quedarse sin energía, además el cargador rapido levanta 60% en una hora. Hasta ahora ha funcionado sin problema y la actualización a windows 11 fue sencilla y sin complicaciones. Solo consideren  qué la memoria RAM no puede ampliarse, los 8 Gb funcionan para ofimática y navegacion."
2343,"Aside from the shipping issue I had that came straight from Amazon, the laptop was pretty good. The only issue was the screen had a yellow tint. I tried all (literally) the troubleshooting available on the internet and also contacting Asus for help. In the end they said it was defective. I sent it back. It's pointless to buy a laptop with an OLED screen if it's bad quality. I'm having another one sent so I'll update this review when I get the next one. It would be 5 stars if it wasn't for the screen issue.BTWSpec:1135 CPU12 GB RamIn cased you were confused by the description.Update:Received the 2nd one. It has the same issue. Asus said it may be due to the Asus Splendid software. That software can't be uninstalled. Unistalling all the Asus software didn't fix it. Neither did installing a fresh Windows 10 directly from Microsoft that didn't have the Asus software. I'll be returnung the 2nd one and getting a refund."
2344,"This zippy laptop has a great screen, nice keyboard/trackpad, good battery, lightweight, plenty of RAM and storage -- an excellent budget 15.6 inch laptop.  This is a RECOMMEND -- especially if it's on sale.But it has two shortcomings worth knowing --1.  I wouldn't recommend this for someone who moves around with their laptop 24 hours a day.  I'm not saying it's flimsy but it's also not 'tough' like a business laptop.  But since I'll typically be using it in my home it's very nice for the price.2.  The real problem (which can be easily fixed by you) is super WEIRD.  I've purchased two of these.  The first one had the issue, I returned it, but then the second one had it too.Believe it or not:  installing Google Chrome can make the OLED screen fail.  (See picture.)I know this because I accidentally noticed the screen 'failed' when I installed Chrome on the first one.  I observed this anecdotally, not actually blaming Chrome.  So I returned that laptop, ordered a 2nd one, and that screen crashed PRECISELY when I installed Google Chrome.That is evidence that it's a software problem, not the OLED.  So I Googled 'Chrome breaks my Asus laptop screen' and Asus offers you advice on how to turn off 'hardware acceleration'.(It's easy, anyone can do it.  Go here -- rb.gy/riuezq)  It also claims this same issue can be triggered by their own Edge browser and by Microsoft Office.  Turn off hardware acceleration and you're all set.  I'm going to 'test' this unit to make sure it's fixed but it sure seems so.  (I told you it was weird.)I suspect others are not reporting this (yet) because they haven't updated to Windows 11 yet, which this unit can do."
2345,"Description says ""ASUS ZenBook Pro Duo 15 OLED UX582 Laptop, 15.6” OLED FHD Touch Display, Intel Core i9-11900H, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GeForce RTX 3060, ScreenPad Plus, Windows 11 Pro, Celestial Blue, UX582HM-XH96T"" when it is really a ""Asus Vivobook 15"".  False advertising and a waste of my time.  Do not open the Asus box as you will not be able to return.  Wanted to give Asus another try but after this experience I will not."
2346,"I just bought this computer with the i5 11th generation processor and 12 GB of RAM. I was aiming for an i7 / 16 GB but there was a 200 dollars difference between both and I settled for this on a Black Friday special a little below the 700 dollars mark. After using it for 3 weeks and upgrading to Windows 11, I have sufficient evidence to give you my pros and cons along with my final verdict:Pros:- Zippy in spite of the lower processor power and RAM initially sought. I have not had an instance where I have felt that the laptop needed additional power. Note: i am not a gamer, so I have used Photoshop, illustrator, Music and movies, and Office. I have kept several windows open and it kept going with no issues.- Screen. Never had an OLED before and I was blown away by the vivid colors and contrast. I even had a 4K laptop before and it is not even comparable to this one. Big points for Asus Vivobook here.- Beautiful design. It is very lightbut it does not feel flimsy at all. You need to be careful with it though as it can easily get damaged but if you are careful, it will stand out with the dark gray color, and its shape.- With the 512 GB SSD, it turns on and wakes up really fast. This is normal for this kind of hard drive.- Keys are properly spaced and easy to type in. The keyboard is lighted.CONS:- Ports are not remarkable. The USB-C cannot charge, it is only for data transmission.- It has 2 USB 2.0 and 1 USB 3.0 ports. Not a good combination.- The back cover cannot be easily disassembled to upgrade its memory.- Battery life is subpar. No more than 4 hours even with the powersaving mode on.- No touch screen.VERDICT: For the price, I am happy with the purchase. I think that the OLED screen is the feature that makes it stand out above the rest on that price range.I just scored it with 4 stars for the ports configuration and lack of functionality."
2347,"My initial impression is that it feels a bit fragile. It is light, and the display looks pretty good so far but I wish it was larger. It boots fairly quickly, but otherwise seems to be underpowered. Reading/searching an external drive on the USB 3 ports was painfully slow at times. For some reason the cursor often moves on its own and clicks often have to be repeated 2 or 3 times. The first few hours with it have been very frustrating for those reasons. Less features and connectivity than any other laptop I have owned, but also cheaper. I am hopefully receiving a warranty extension from ASUS for this feedback. I may update it after more experience with it."
2348,"Probably the cheapest oled laptop available got for $689 during Black Friday. Still great value at 799. For $1100 can get i7 with 16gb and nvidia graphics card. The intel iris graphics card has only 1gb memory on board. My 10 year old Sony has that much. So this is the biggest negative for this laptop, an incredible oled screen with an dismal graphics card. Thus the ram is used more and with 12gb, it took up about 7gb when running a 4K video. There are no description of what ram there is so I had to open it to see. There is one slot with 4gb that is replaceable with 260 pin. The other 8gb must be soldered in. I will see if it takes a 16gb memory card.Update ram info installed 16gb from silicon power"
2349,Received this laptop day after cyber Monday. The colors on the screen are amazing. I do not see any of the “yellow screen color “ issues that people have complained about. I am very impressed with this laptop so far. Well worth the $$. Also since I bought it on cyber Monday. Also got a great deal on the price. Very satisfied customer.
2350,"ASUS K513E. I wish the title wasn't completely off, because this is a great laptop for the price. I read the product description and decided to buy even though the title was off, this discrepancy is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars, definitely search up the model number to get the specs from an independent site.No indicator for NumLock but there is one for CAPS and battery chargingSpeakers on the bottom but audio is still clear and loud enough.Glossy screen, rich colour, if you are going to use outdoors or anywhere with a lot of background lights you might want to go non-glossy. Fingerprints galore on the outside though and it's not wiping off easily, but I'm using this strictly at home anyway. Lid doesn't go as far back as I thoughtQuite thin,  solid build, satisfied with purchase. VERY thrilled that ASUS touch pad continues to be top notch in feel/response/control.Would even pay a bit more to get the laptop actually described in the title."
2351,"Item description stated a ""ASUS ZenBook Pro Duo 15 OLED UX582 Laptop, 15.6” OLED FHD Touch Display, Intel Core i9-11900H, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GeForce RTX 3060, ScreenPad Plus, Windows 11 Pro, Celestial Blue, UX582HM-XH96T.""I received a Asus VivoBook. Disappointing and a hassle to return."
2352,It says an Intel i5-1135G7 but in the description it says it has a Intel Core i7-1165G7 Processor and in the question and answer form the ASUS manufacturer says it is an Intel Core i7-1165G7. but as it turns out it is an i5
2353,"I bought this machine to act as a portable home server. Its entire function is to run my automation programs 24/7. So the way I use it will most likely be far different from the average consumer. That being said upfront, here are the pros and cons I've run into so far.Pros:- Thunderbolt 4- Compact and lightweight- 11th gen Intel i5- The new Iris Pro graphics- Small bevel on the screen- Charges up fast- Upgradable RAM & M.2- Boots insanely fast (1.8 seconds)- Trackpad is very sturdy and niceCons:- Weak keyboard backlighting- Sound isn't very good (it's a tiny laptop, come on)- Light bleed around the top corners of the screen- Exhaust ports are directly behind the kbd - not on the bottom of the laptop- McAffee A/V is integrated several ways on the OS (more on this below)- Squishy keysConclusion:For $665 this is a decent laptop for my purposes. It sits on my desk with the screen closed, and I access it via remote desktop. I put a $35 laptop cooling pad underneath it, which as it turns out is worthless because there are no exhaust fans on the bottom of the unit.The keys were more squishy than I thought they'd be, and the backlight on the keyboard is very weak. On the flip side, the trackpad is actually very good. It has a fingerprint scanner built-in, and it's pretty accurate so far.There's considerable light bleed when the background is set to all black, and I was pretty shocked it was actually that bad. Luckily for me, I won't be using the screen all that much. I still might return it because of this, I'm on the fence about it.McAffee A/V is nested pretty deep in the operating system. I had to use Revo Pro to get rid of all traces of it, and it tried its best to fight back. There are folders on the C drive for the A/V which cannot be removed, even as the administrator, and that's no bueno.But is it fast? Yeah. It boots in 1.8 seconds, it ran my photoshop no problem, as well as my automation programs without a hitch (which are pretty cpu/ram intensive). I didn't try playing any games with it, as this is more of a creators/business type of machine. I'm sure it would do fine on some basic games.My final score: 3/5My background: Microsoft Certified Professional - CompTIA - Degree in Networking - I.T. Project Manager"
2354,"I’m very pleased with my laptop. It’s slim,  lightweight and powers up in about 15 seconds. I was pleasantly surprised to see a Thunderbolt 4 port. It wasn’t advertised on the specs here for this version with the i5-1135G7 processor.The battery charging can also be adjusted if you plan on keeping the laptop plugged in while in use. There is also a blue light blocking feature that can be adjusted to your preference."
2355,"I've been a Surface Pro 3&4 guy for the past 10 years.  This out performs it on all levels and the Gen.11 Intels i5's can out preform some i7's this year.  So while it was fun transferring keyboards from unit to unit (4 times) I've had enough, and can honestly say that at this price point (and the fact that  half-life 2 plays flawlessly on it) if this holds up I won't be going back to that eco system.  The USB C and the extra USB 3 are a nice touch, I appreciate that kind of fore thought.  ASUS had TSTogether when they made this machine good job."
2356,"I bought this Asus Vivobook as my new business laptop - and wanted a dependable, lightweight machine to travel with. It has everything I was looking for: good battery life, matte screen, speedy processing, good quality loudspeakers, even a nice exterior design that sticks out from the rest. So I am happy with the purchase so far. There is only one thing I am a bit disappointed about: The screen is so dimly lit that I am using it on 90-100 percent brightness all the time. Usually I am setting my computers to about 50-60 percent."
2357,"No gripes, works smoothly, screen is beautiful and keyboard is very responsive, with a very nice push under the keys. Works a lot better than my last XPS 13. Battery life could be better, but then again, I never put this on ""best battery life"" power option. This is perhaps the best your money can buy at the moment!"
2358,"I miss not having a touchscreen or a 10-key number pad, but I knew I was making those sacrifices, when I bought this laptop. The only real ""negatives"" are when you bring it back from standby/sleep mode, it's quite slow to reconnect to applications that were in use, and certain basic functions, like screen brightness, will suddenly fail to work, until updates are downloaded. I really love the look and portability, and the screen quality is great. I'm mainly using it for basic internet browsing and streaming, so it's perfect for that."
2359,"I bought this laptop to use for work, i normally uses lenovo brand but i decide to change to this asus laptop beacuse i like the specs and desing.When i recieve the laptop looks great, has a good looking, the screen are ok and its fast.but the firts disappoiment was its dont have the chance to upgrade de memory ram, so its i feel this laptop its for a home/basic use.The second disappoimnet was the difficult to see the keyboard letters, the color of the bottoms and the color of the letter shape are too similar so its to difficult to see and the light of the keyboard its too bad.And the worst its the keyboard distribution, i dont know why asus try to change the distribution of the numeric keyboard and try to do the keyboard a little smaller, so its so difficult get use to use this keyboard.If you has to write a lot and use the numeric keyboard this laptop its a nigthmare"
2360,"Now that Amazon's ""return window"" has ended, this laptop is beginning to fail to start when the power button is pressed.  It took me about ten tries over 10 minutes to get the damn thing to do anything.  Not happy."
2361,"I needed a replacement for my remote work due to required equipment returns. I was looking for something portable (less than 15"" screen), light, but could still run video calls seamlessly while multi-tasking in the background. I am one week into remote work with this laptop and it has been perfect. The typing experience is also really enjoyable?"
2362,"Little bit on the expensive side for what you get, but the laptop is sturdy. Thanks to the metal chassis. The keyboard feels nice and responsive. Having the numeric keypad, is great to have in a compact laptop. The monitor is crisp and colors are decent, but not having a touch screen is a bummer...especially when you are paying 700 dollars.  Overall, it is a great laptop to work my everyday photo editing, word processing, and playing some light games."
2363,"This computer was advertised as having a backlite keyboard.  There was nothing that came with it to indicate that feature and the Device Manager listed only a standard PS/2 keyboard. So I returned it.  From another source I obtained a very similar unit but also with the keyboard I wanted, which was clearly indicated in the Device Manager listing."
2364,"Listing is sold as brand new... after combing through the registry I found keys for games and browsers that I have never personally installed on this machine, meaning this machine was sold as brand new, 2021 HP, and nothing in the description mentioned ""refurbished"""
2365,Just what I wanted. At first I was disappointed because the keyboard wasn't showing that it was backlit. After about 2 weeks my son in law figured out the F5 key turned it on. It is bright and keys are easily seen in dim light. I love the speed of the processor! I play a game that uses a lot of memory and needs speed and it is great having that. After limping along with a dual core with 6G memory for so long this is wonderful!
2366,"The system has been misbehaving, would just blank out, I regret buying this and I wish I could return it and get back my money"
2367,I'm very happy with this laptop. It has all the features I wanted and it's fast. It also has the numbers on the right side for 10 key typing. The screen colors are fantastical well. I highly recommend it.
2368,I liked the product but found it cheaper on another store
2369,"I love the touch screen.  Never had that before, so it's nice to use.  I use this for business and school and the virtual meetings are so clear."
2370,"This laptop is exactly as I hoped it would be. The SSD makes responses very quick. There was an easy conversion from Windows 10 to Windows 11. I gave this to my wife as a Christmas present and she loves it. She was able to get all her photos off of her phone and is now working on getting software to work on them. This is a very good medium range laptop, plenty of memory and disk space. Being able to have a SD card slot makes storage unlimited."
2371,"My old laptop, only 3 yrs old was developing some serious issues and I never knew if it was going to take 10 minutes or 4 hrs. to be ready to use.....I use Avast and Malwarbytes so I'm sure viruses were not the problem.  Anyway......THIS one is ready to go in literally seconds...I am a gamer and need the speed and space and this gives me both.  I have NOT updated to Windows 11 yet, but it is available on this laptop.....You won't be disappointed....."
2372,"Por su amplia capacidad de memoria y de disco duro, provee alta velocidad para ejecutar las aplicaciones. Su pantalla táctil es sensible y facil de usar. Excelente Opción para quienes deseen un equipo de muy buen desempeño."
2373,"After reading the mixed reviews I ordered the item anyway knowing that with Amazon's return/refund policy it wouldn't be a problem if there was an issue. I've returned items before and never had a problem.WOW! I received it last night, three days early. I expected a (renewed) chromebook, but if it was renewed I couldn't tell. It was as new as new can get. The price was great, took 5 minutes to set up, it took about an hour to charge, and it's good to go. Easy for an old guy with dementia to figure out. SO FAR<>SO GOOD, I'll update this review as time goes on and I learn the possibilities of this ""new to me"" gadget/ gizmo/ widget/Chromebook. I'm impressed and it's a hell of an upgrade to my windows 7 desktop.Yes, at this point I'd buy it again and will recommend it."
2374,"The hardware is fine but the software is, effectively, defunct. I purchased a used Chromebook, admittedly, with little research into the operating system, so I could take my telehealth appointments on the go as a therapist. (I already have a hefty desktop I use daily.) Unfortunately, once a Chromebook is 5+ years old (sometimes even younger), it will simply stop updating. Planned obseletion point blank. Without updates, you can neither update the security nor run many in-browser functions. If I attempt to run a telehealth session through SimplePractice, I will get a notice to update my browser (which there is no way to do manually--done deal). You also can't use streaming services other than YouTube. I'd hoped that since it had HDMI, it could also be a way to watch Hulu, Disney+, or Netflix on my television set. Wrong. These also do not run on outdated browsers. I essentially have a non-video capable browser and that's it."
2375,I read the reviews and almost didn’t spend the money. Glad I did! My 9 yr old granddaughter uses it everyday.This is what she says about the laptop:Easy to useIt keeps a chargeSmall enough she can take it in the car.
2376,"Im one that is always making sure i do my research on things before i purchase them, especially online. This is one of those purchases that just blows my mind. Im so incredibly happy with this computer! The screen was perfect, keyboard typing like its brand new, charging great, holds charge long, lightweight, easy to use. i would recommend this to anyone looking for a good computer that you may not want to be brand new."
2377,It's been on a charger for an HR and it won't come on when I push the power button..I'm very dissatisfied with this product it was referbished in Canada don't they even chk to see if the turn on b4 they ship them out..IT WILL BE SENT BACK. I HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH AMAZON UNTIL NOW..🤬🤬🤬🤬
2378,This is a piece of junk. It stopped working after a month and a half. The screen is totally blitzed and I cannot get any kind of technical support from Amazon or Dell. It never did have a touch screen. Do not purchase.
2379,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   A mi me gustó, como ya tengo una cuenta de correo electrónico, fue fácil usarla, y lo mejor cuando la prendes su acceso es rápido para navegar, solo la primera vez que usé no podía conectarla al televisor, así que busque en mi teléfono en las herramientas el problema, y ahí encontré como hacer que se viera la pantalla en la tv,  tienes que ir  los devices para conectar al monitor. Yo solo la usó para ver en pantalla grande conectado al televisor,  para quienes hacen trabajos escolares oficina y más esto es perfecto!!!"
2380,"First it did not arrive on the promised date because the company changed it without notice so my daughter did not get her birthday present until after her birthday. Then, when it did after spending the afternoon charging with the charger's light on and the Chromebook charging light on we found the device was completely unresponsive. Would not turn on and the light at the bottom of the device had gone out. Picked it up to put it in the box and heard the not so encouraging sound of something sliding around inside of the laptop. So now my daughter is once again waiting for her birthday gift."
2381,"I wish I had taken a picture to post in the review before I sent the laptop back for a refund. I overlooked the description that is was a renewed product and that would have been fine by me if the laptop did not show up looking how it did. It was so dented and scraped up. It was poorly taken care of and completely neglected. I do not know how it passed what inspection system they have but it was not acceptable. I read the comments before purchasing so I had decent expectations. Just be weary of purchasing the product, you might receive a perfectly fine laptop but I did not. If you take the chance, just remember you might receive one that is great or decent quality or in my case receive one that looks like it was thrown around and chewed up by a dog."
2382,I had seen buy in next so many hours for overnight delivery so I purchased. However when I looked at order a few hours later it had a delivery date 5 days away. I contacted seller and they were very courteous as well as standing out in customer service as after a hold the rep ( I am thinking his name was john) came back on phone to let me know it would arrive the next day as it did and exactly as described. Greta purchase OUTSTANDING customer service
2383,"It felt cheaply made and wasn't worth over $640, it wasn't backlit and because of the sharp edges around the base it was extremely uncomfortable to use...you agreed to a return but I can't afford to pay shipping and would like to ask that you send me a label for outside the package to return?"
2384,I bought this to replace my desktop. I generally am only typing reports however I do play games from time to time with it and I will say it performs really well. I have no complaints
2385,"I previously purchased a refurbished iPad and it looked as good as new, no scratches, no dents, everything ran great. I decided to purchase another iPad for my daughter and it had a deep scratch on the screen, I returned it, then placed a second order. The second iPad had deep scratches and sticker residue on the back but the front screen seemed ok. It’s a hit or miss. I don’t have time to be mailing the item back and forth. You’re rolling the dice with these iPads. They’re SELLER refurbished quality, definitely not factory refurbished quality which would probably hold a higher standard."
2386,"I recently ordered five “renewed” iPad Air 2 tablets through Amazon.  The Air 2 was, and still is, one of the best iPad designs.  So good, in fact, that the first iPad Pro 9.7 (2018) was really just an updated Air 2 and shared the same thin construction, laminated 9.7-inch Retina display, and overall size.  The Air 2 has supported seven iOS updates and currently runs the latest iPadOS 14 –talk about longevity.  Over 2 million iPad Air 2 models were sold during its two year production that ended in early 2017. Since you can no longer buy a new Air 2, the only option is used/refurbished.  Apple devices like the iPad are remarkably durable and buying refurbished is a great way to find a ""like new"" device that will last you many years to come.  It's a good value, too: When the Air 2 was originally released, the models ranged from $500-$700.  A few years later, you can buy the same models renewed for $200-$300 --a great deal for a device that's still state-of-the-art. There's no shortage of vendors for renewed/refurbished iPads but one thing is clear:  “Renewed, like new” is a broad term that covers everything from near-mint condition to laughingly-damaged devices.  Some vendors are better, others are worse, none will be perfect.  Here’s my experience shopping over the past month: Vendor #1:  All Out Apple I purchased two iPad Air 2’s from this seller, one 32GB and one 64GB.  Both arrived in good condition, packaged safely, and they work fine.  The cosmetic defects are OK --a few light scratches and discoloration on the back of the case on one and a few nicks and shallow dent on the back of the other.  When held at “arm’s length” per Amazon's criteria the issues are not that visible.  The display/touchscreenS are fine.  The batteries in each last the normal 8 or so hours under typical use. The vendor includes a decent 2.4A (12W) USB charger and cable with each device similar to the original iPad charger for fast charging times.  Vendor #2:  Platinum Deals[UPDATED 3/6/21:  I purchased four iPad Air 2’s from this seller, three 32GB and one 64GB.  One of the 32GB arrived in close to ""like new"" condition.  The cosmetic defects were minimal, however, after two weeks use, I noticed that a portion of the display backlight would flicker when set to the lowest brightness setting --the sign of a failing LED in the backlight.  I returned this iPad for another from same seller and the replacement works fine so far.  However, the cosmetic condition of the replacement is not as good as the first one since there are noticeable blemishes all the way around the aluminum bezel and there are a couple light scratches on the surface of the display glass.]  The other two iPads were, unfortunately, a totally different story:  each one was delivered literally bent in the middle --not dented but actually deformed, as in the device was not flat!  This had nothing to do with shipping since the devices were well-packed and the boxes were undamaged.  The deformation on each device distorted the display glass and it was easy to see the permanent distortion when viewing along the edge of the device.  On one iPad, the deformation was severe enough to cause backlight distortion that showed up as bright spots along the edge of the LCD (see photos).  The fact that the refurbisher considered these two bent iPads to be ""renewed, like new"" is both hilarious and sad.  Of course, both of the bent iPads went right back in their boxes for return to Amazon (I put a bright yellow post-it on each one to hopefully warn whoever inspects the returned devices not to turn around and sell them again.)  This vendor also included different USB chargers (either 8W or 12W USB-A or, incorrectly, one of them was USB-C) and cable with each device so they are not consistent --the 12W charger is the correct one for faster charging times.  I do give the vendor credit for immediately sending me the correct charger to replace the wrong USB-C charger delivered with one of the Air 2 units.ADVICE:  So, my advice is to inspect your ""renewed"" iPad carefully since the vendors are not consistent in the overall condition of what they'll send you.  The iPad Air 2, in particular, is remarkably thin and perhaps more prone to getting bent if mishandled during its life --perhaps explaining why bent ones find their way to a refurbisher in the first place.  The Air 2 has a wide tolerance for being bent and still work without a problem. However, it's quite clear that ""like new"" may not necessarily mean ""not bent"" for the ultra-thin Air 2 so use the 90-day Amazon Renewed Guarantee wisely to make sure your renewed device meets a reasonable definition of ""like new"" upon receipt.Overall, I'm happy with the two renewed iPads I decided to keep (32GB models, one from each vendor listed above).  I'm not sure that any one vendor does a better job in selecting ""like new"" iPads but clearly, one of the above did not have an issue sending two bent iPads.Finally, be aware that the 90-day Amazon Renewed Guarantee says you'll get a full refund if not satisfied, however, some of the refurb vendors claim to charge return shipping and restocking fees.  The Amazon Renewed policy is not clear about this so if you're charged fees for the return then you should contact Amazon to have them correct it."
2387,I bought this item as a Christmas gift and received it very prompt but there was a problem . i didn't bother to check the iPad which was a major mistake. they opened it on christmas and it wouldn't turn on. The iPad would not hold a charge it would charge enough to turn on and then turn back off bc of low battery. Amazon was very helpful and help me through the return process to receive my funds.
2388,"This was used, didn't look refurbished. Heavy scratches on the back side by the power plug and it came with generic power cord (although it was a new cord)... front button was dirty, I had to wipe it down! (GROSS)Apparently no one ""factory refurbished it"" because it was not factory reset and it was still set to Spanish language and it was in the previous owners name!!! (I had access to their information!)  It took me some time and searching the internet to figure how to put it in English language so I could reset it to factory to start over.Then, I had to plug it into ITUNES to set it up in my name, it wouldn't set it up as a new device.and finally, the screen went all grainy and I had to restart to recover it. So it was returned for a refund.I wrote the seller about it but received NO response. I would buy elsewhere if I had to do it again!I usually don't have an issue with refurbished gear but this one was a bad experience.Id pass on this seller and if possible, buy NEW!"
2389,"""Certified Refurbished"" on Amazon is practically meaningless. There are no rigorous standards that the company is expected to comply with. I don't know about you, but I expect a ""certified refurbished"" iPad to last longer than a 90 day warranty. Mine did not. It stopped being able to charge one month after the warranty ended, and is now worth nothing. Not even a few bucks for a trade-in. I've had it looked at by technicians, so I'm sure it's dead. My iPad was in a nice leather case, treated very carefully, never got dirty, never was dropped, no liquids, no extreme temperatures, nothing. It still looks brand new. This was just a defective product with a ticking time bomb. Don't be tempted by the ""certified refurbished"" label. It is not the same as a manufacturer's certification, which typically does have rigorous standards and solid warranties. (My first review was denied for going into more detail here, but you can do your own research.) Do yourself a favor and stay away from these products."
2390,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen is felling apart, and the back of the iPad is not even flat, it’s like something had not been installed properly inside. This is not a renewed or used product, it’s a damaged iPad with a third party low quality screen replacement."
2391,"Device had a minor scratch on the back, no problem right? So I thought, until after about two hours of using the iPad, the digitizer (the touch sensor) became completely unresponsive. Cannot trust this certified refurbished product. Going to Apple, same price much higher quality refurbished products! I dabbled in the third-party area, and I got burnt!"
2392,"Purchased the 64gb gold one. Fired it up and immediately had a battery issue. Hardware related, no fault of the battery itself. Emailed the retailer and within 6 hours received a response and after giving my order number, got a shipping label, and item is on way back for refund. In the meantime I purchased another one to replace it, and this unit has been flawless so far. No scratches on either one, had no issues updating it, or anything else so far. I will update this if I have an issue with getting the refund on the first one. Would I purchase again? So far, yes."
2393,"iPAD was supposedly certified as refurbished; however, it was NOT.  I was brand new to Apple products when I bought this device and really did not know much about navigating my way around. I also made the mistake of taking too long to put the Air 2 through its paces, and as usual, life got in the way.  When I finally did start trying to use it, I found all kinds of problems with it--it won't return HOME when you push the Home key; it won't load apps; it won't accept  a fingerprint ID, etc. I thought at first it was me, but I asked an experienced user to try it and he found the same problems.  The refurbisher (Kanga Electronics) would NOT do anything about it, claiming it was past the warranty (I think it was about 6-9 months old at the time).  They wouldn't even offer to try to fix it!  They give new meaning to the phrase: ""Let the Buyer beware"".  The iPAD cost WAY TOO MUCH for this kind of treatment and you can bet I will NEVER buy anything else from these people, refurbished or new.  What a rip-off this was!!"
2394,"I was amazed that I got it the next day.That amazement faded fast when I picked up the box and heard the iPad rattling around inside.Sure enough, it was DOA.After contacting support and trying different things to get the power on, it was agreed it was a goner. And, the return was approved.Even before I printed out the label I ordered another. Shucks, it's going to take 4 days to get it. Oh well, maybe it will be packaged better.I'll be sure to post about it as soon as I see if it will power up"
2395,"It has everything I needed except for enough USB ports. Other than that, I love this labtop."
2396,"I like it because it has a lot of memory, but I couldn't find one with a built in BluRay player like my previous one had."
2397,"Boots from cold off to on in ~5 seconds!Excellent gaming performance via STEAM CS:GOFans spool up to a loud state while gaming to keep GPU & CPU coolSystem opens via normal Philips 000 screws of the bottom plate, exposing the logic board & 45 WH lipo batteryOnce inside the machine you will find an extra space for a second M.2 NVMe drive, a second RAM slot open for upgrading easily & even a full SSD slot for adding an SSD to the machine!Excellent 17inch 144hz screen dims nicely & has many color modes including low blue night modesSound most excellent from two vibration isolated (rubber grommet mount) speakers inside that produce excellent volumes levels & surprising base output for their size & design, utilizing some kind of volume optimized acoustically tuned housing to enhance the speakers output & dynamic range.Power brick gets really warm when system running full playing video gamesBuild quality seems really good, including the heatpipe to heatsink fin cooling system on the left & right rear that blows hot air out the back of the unit near the base of where the display connects to the keyboard case. Air even sucked in from the keyboard in gaming specific zones to keep your fingers cool & dry while playing Esports etcValue most excellent given combo of hardware & build quality for $850 that's hard to beat in early 2021Battery life unsurprisingly mediocre given the 11.4v 4050mah 3S lipo inside the unit, seems like about 3.5-4 hours just browsing the web in Edge, or about 1 hours on battery when playing CS:GO with low settings //I really like the user upgradable design that's easy to open for cleaning or upgrading with simple basic tools nearly everyone has, a 00 or 000 Philips + style screw driver // only 1 corner screw shorter than all the others which are the same length! Thank you Asus!Comes with easy to remove bloatware & the factor M.2 drive really fast with file transfers.Wireless network performance exceptionally fast & low latency! Maxes out potential of my Comcast Xfinity serviceVery light weight or low mass of about 5 lbs which is really amazing given size of the display, making it easily portable & lighter to move around for excellent ergonomics.A full keyboard with number pad makes the IO a pleasure, though your going to want to use a mouse for gaming, since gaming with the touchpad not ideal for fast pace games //"
2398,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   IT has been my livelihood for more than 30 years. I built many of my own computers. My current custom water-cooled Tower is in storage as I'm in the middle of a move.I needed a semi-decently powered laptop to use while my RIG is stored away. This Asus TUF laptop caught my attention for being decently powered but not breaking the bank. When first received I was pleasantly surprised. Speed, nice sized screen. I updated all the drivers needing so as well as patched the OS.The issue starts as soon as I play any MP4 video using any player be it the built in Media player or using VLC the 1650 Ti GPU takes a crap. Video goes all awry. I've attached a video to show this. I'm not going to be dealing with a BRAND NEW laptop having video issues right out of the box. It's going back."
2399,"5 star, if you want it for gaming, get it, i use it to play World of Warcraft: Shadowlands.It runs everything at high performance and does not get heat up.If you are a gamer, get one"
2400,"Reading the reviews for this PC, I was expecting this laptop to sound like it's about to take off at mach 5, but it's really not that loud compared to a struggling older PC or an original PS4 pro whose fan is overworked on newer games. Sure it's not quiet by any means, but not nearly as distracting as I anticipated. Performs well but does get pretty warm during intensive gaming even with an additional cooling pad underneath, so definitely get one of those. The weirdest thing is that when you plug or unplug your charger, the screen goes black for a couple of seconds, presumably due to switching power settings. Shouldn't be an issue during gaming sessions however as of course you should have it plugged in for performance anyway, but something to be wary of if your charger cable ever starts to go out. Internal memory isn't huge so I did buy an additional 4TB SSD, which installed smoothly. Runs FFXIV without issues and scored an extremely high on the Shadowbringers benchmark and a very high on the Endwalker benchmark, so should be good for MMO gaming for another couple of years without upgrades."
2401,"Well, partially it’s my fault. I wanted to skimp out on paying for full price and this is what I got. A laptop that works fine.. if it werent for a non working screen. I got it for 732$ for an almost new product—it should be perfect; but with missing packaging. It’s fine for me, i thought. I couldnt be more wrong.Shipping took forever. 3 days before they ship it out. Arrived after a week and a half.As soon as i pressed the power button, the leds would turn on, as well as the keyboard would have the lights, but no display. Just a black display of nothingness.I was so furious when it did that. I had to call Asus support and they told me to send it back. Which in no way in hell i would do because i aint paying for shipping for a defective product. I called amazon and they said they’ll refund it. Bought myself a brand new acer nitro instead. Now im scared if that laptop would be defective too."
2402,"First, let me say that I have the version with the 1650Ti, not the 3050. Mine also includes the Webcam, full RGB keyboard, and num pad. There is a slim version that does not have this.Now, I bought this laptop to replace my old daily driver that had a 1050. This laptop is miles better than that one in terms of image quality, GPU power, screen refresh, and sound.I've been using this laptop daily since I bought it. I added a 1TB SSD for storage, upgraded the RAM from the included 8GB to 32GB, and dropped the refresh rate to 60Hz to help battery life (which I will get to later).As far as this goes as a gaming laptop, I've been able to run everything I've thrown at it at max settings. Fallout 76 runs at a solid 48fps (its capped there for some strange reason) at max settings. Gears 5 runs at 60fps (again, capped) on max settings even with all the environment and snow particles. With the IPS display, these games look super good. Huge upgrade to my previous laptops TN display. The colors are absolutely crisp and deep.The sound quality is decent. It's not studio music quality, but it's definitely decent enough for gaming without any noticeable clipping issues. I'm able to discern bass, mid, and treble without a lot of muddiness. Obviously, it's not perfect as they are laptop speakers, but given that restriction, I'd say it does very well.Now, the only complaint I have is the battery life. It's nowhere near the advertised. My old laptop with adjusted settings reached 6-7 hours. This one with the same settings reaches only MAYBE 2. If you're playing a game, you'll be lucky to hit an hour. This is not a laptop to play on battery. The higher the graphic quality and the higher you keep the refresh rate (like the native 144hz) the worse it'll be. Even with dropping the refresh to 60 and playing a game that doesn't require the 1650Ti, it still only will last about an hour. Watching videos is longer, but that's still about 2 hours, give or take.Overall a good purchase provided you want it plugged in most of the time."
2403,"No issues so far, great laptop for the price. The larger screen I love; I did do an upgrade to 16GB DDR4 and added 1T secondary m2, still have room for a standard SSD if I want.The upgrade wasn't a required upgrade just something I did to make it a bit more future proof and expand so I could also use it for work.Even with the upgrade the price is below 1100.00 for a very capable Gaming machine.Playing Fallout 4 before the upgrade I was using Ultimate settings and it never slowed down or stuttered.You do sometimes notice the fans spin a bit faster but that's to be expected. It doesn't get hot that I have found, it's heavy but again to be expected; it's built to be tough, to take the bumps and bangs a laptop gets and keep on going.Looks great to, I do notice some fingerprints/palmprints leaving marks but a quick wipe-down removes them."
2404,"I had the Asus 750 before that for which I paid around $1250 and after 7 years began to show its age - albeit still very useable. Thinking  needed to spend that amount again or even more, my local computer guy recommended the F17, voicing several very distinct features which this had, over my old one.One of them was that the weight and thickness were 50% of my old one.Once I had bought a 1TB SSD, double the memory, exterior DVD player/burner and a few other small accessories, the final bill - after configuration by my computer guy- was under $1250.I have various design programs on it in 2D and 3D, along with tons of high res photos. The F17 has plenty of oomph to digest everything. It starts up in the blink of an eye.This laptop is worth every Dollar and you'd be very silly indeed to pass this over as a first or replacement."
2405,"I do not use this computer for gaming. I only use it for trading stocks, watching YouTube videos and occasionally browsing and uploading movies. The battery life is horrible! As for the sound…. I watch a lot of YouTube videos about stocks. The sound is VERY low. I have all sound cranked up to 100 and it’s STILL low! I would say this is NOT good for gamers. I would not buy this if you are looking for long battery life and loud speakers. The fan is also quite loud."
2406,"So I got this to play FF14 while I travel and am away from my actual gaming PC, and this does the job perfectly. It's just generally a really capable laptop -- handles streaming, gaming, did some remote work and calls on it np, etc.I love how lightweight and quiet it is.There was only one initial problem I had with it which would have been a deal breaker if there hadn't been such an easy solution -- while I was waiting in that 4k+ q that's the current reality (as of the EW expac), this pc's fans started going haywire.. SOOO loud, heated up, unacceptable. To fix: simply adjust your maximum power state. Docking it a mere 2% will stop it from making any insane noises and return it to the silent, smooth state it runs in when doing everything else (only had the problem when running games, but again super easy fix.  (if you don't know how to adjust this or what that means this is how you fix: Right click your lil battery icon, hit power options, next to the ""ASUS Recommended"" power plan click ""change plan settings"", ""change advanced power settings"", ""processor power management"", ""maximum power state"" -- reduce this from 100% to 98%. Problem solved, resume quiet, beautiful laptop fun)."
2407,"I got this computer to replace an older HP that had gotten slow and lacked Bluetooth. It works better than I could have hoped! The keyboard is excellent. A responsive keyboard is very important to me, and this one does not disappoint. Connected to Wi-Fi effortlessly, Bluetooth is a breeze. I find very few differences between WIN 10 on my old laptop to the WIN 11 here. I highly recommend it! My main use is leisure - email, some minimal graphic and video creation, and surfing the Internet. This little gem keeps up with my multitasking easily."
2408,"This is my first new Windows laptop in nearly eight years; the previous one is a Dell Inspiron 15R that has seen several upgrades and parts replaced but badly needed to be retired.  I had intended on getting an Inspiron 15 5510 with 16GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD but the price just wasn't right.  I settled for this system with the AMD Ryzen 7 and a 512GB SSD.Unboxing the laptop made me think I made a huge mistake.  This is much smaller than my 15R.  I knew thinness coming into it as well as weight; this is a full pound and a half lighter than the 15R, and that will go a long way in the future (more on that later).  It didn't look like a 15"" laptop, but it really is.The screen is a touchscreen.  I used it only once just to see how it worked.  It works.  I don't ever intend on using it ever again because I do not like fingerprints on my laptop screen and I don't think a touchscreen is a useful feature on a laptop.  It is a higher resolution screen than the 15R but it is not the best in the world.  Granted, my M1 MacBook Air has a smaller screen but it is so freaking sharp and amazing, so much so that I think it blows away every other laptop screen on the market.  The screen on this is not a dealbreaker; I don't intend on using the laptop to watch Netflix or any TV shows or whatnot.  It is going to be used exactly what a computer is intended to be used.The keyboard is really nice.  I had destroyed the original keyboard on the 15R and ordered a replacement off Amazon.  It was the loudest keyboard in the world and sometimes some keys just wouldn't type.  I also could not upgrade to a backlit one (again, another MacBook feature I love).  Both the 5510 and 5515 I was looking at had backlit keyboards, and that was a must-have for me.  This one is much quieter, exactly how a laptop keyboard should sound.  F5 to refresh needed to push the Fn key then F5, but then I learned through Google you can make it so that when you hit the refresh key you can make that a primary function.The power cord is a 65W AC adapter with a much smaller plug; not compatible with what I had for the 15R.  I'll be purchasing a second one for travel.  I'm not so sure I'll use the USB-C port to charge the battery and power the laptop while traveling.  I may end up doing that.In terms of USB ports and all, it's nice that there is an HDMI port, one USB-C, and two USB-A ports.  One of the big selling points for me was that it also had an SD card reader.  That in itself seems like something many laptops being sold in 2022 are being shipped without, forcing the user to buy a potentially costly SD card reader of some sort or USB-C multi-hub.  I wish I had one more USB-A port but that would probably add some weight to the laptop.  I'll be buying a pair of USB-A hubs at some point, one for home and one for travel, especially since I need one USB-A for a wireless mouse (though I might look into Bluetooth mice).Weight was another factor in the purchase.  I originally had my eye on the 5510 because it started at 3.6 pounds.  My 15R was somewhere around 5.1 pounds.  Let me say that this 5515 is a pleasure to carry around.  As a videographer who travels quite a bit by airline, my travel backpack weighs in around 30 pounds with a reduced camera load, which includes PC and Mac and accessories and your typical toiletries.  Making that bag 1.5 pounds lighter will feel real good.  I also had an eye on a custom build HP 15t-dy200, which weighed in around 3.8 pounds, but HP has a ton of issues with custom builds as per comments I've seen on Reddit.Finally, expandability.  I have a MacBook Air that I regret not having 16GB of RAM, but even with 8GB it is one hell of an amazing machine, one that no PC out there today could match.  The Dell Inspiron 15 5515 I got has 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD.  I really wanted a 1TB SSD but settled for the 512GB.  The memory can be expanded to a max of 32GB (two 16GB sticks) and I plan to do that in the future.  The real kicker is learning that the 5515 (and probably the 5510 as well) has room for a second SSD.  I plan to research this a little more because I definitely want to add a second SSD.  It's a type of SSD that I had never heard about until I researched it, and I'm pretty sure the second SSD can be no larger than 2TB.Overall, with writing this only 30 hours since it arrived, I really like this laptop.  I hope I can get many years out of this like I did with my previous Dell."
2409,"i bought the laptop and measured it, and it is 10.7"" x 6.6"" and this is nowhere near the said measurements.working great will update soon."
2410,"great computer, easy to set up and use windows 11"
2411,Exellent
2412,This laptop in not quiet! and  it gets hot in the middle keyboard!Dell should  be ashamed!
2413,Good Laptop for its price
2414,"Proceed with caution. This computer worked fine for the first few days & I loved it. Very fast, Windows 11 was even nice. I tried to use the microphone on it and learned it didn’t work. None of the usual troubleshooting features fixed the problem, so I decided to do a system reset and restore, thinking that I’ve just gotten the computer and a reset should fix any issues. Wrong. It won’t start up and shows two different error codes. When I try to to OS Recovery through Support Assist, I get a message “We are missing some of your system details needed to finish the restore.” I called Dell Support and they suggested that there may be non-Dell parts that are responsible for this. There’s no reason why a reset of a seemingly new system resulted in the computer not working. I’m going to send it to their technicians to look at and will update. I loved it until I was unable to recover or reset the system. As I said, proceed with caution.Edit: I was able to get it fixed with the help of a tech savvy friend. I skipped sending it to Dell, and it works like new."
2415,"Pantalla mate me gusto mucho porque no refleja nada llevo unos 4 meses con ella y e podido jugar mucho hacer tareas, y proyectos sin ningún problema, su calidad de materiales me gusta el aluminio y el metal la hacen ver elegante y lo increíble esque es muy fina perfecta para los viajes, el único problema la gráfica me limita mucho sus 2gigas de RAM si tuviera una 3060 o una 3060ti sería perfecta."
2416,I like this computer.  It didn't take too long to set it up with my files and passwords.
2417,Lo utilice para regalar
2418,"Una lap ágil y poderosa para las tareas del día a día, no se agacha y fácil de configurar"
2419,"I figured 4GB of RAM would be sufficient just for day to day use. I was a bit disappointed in 128GB of storage and decided that even though it was a really nice machine for the price, for another $80 and change I could really make it fly.. if you look at my photos you can see that there's built in space for a 2.5 in SATA drive. In addition there is room to add memory and I decided to add another 8GB of RAM along with the SATA drive and 480 GB of storage. Obviously it makes a huge difference. If you look at the pictures I posted you can see that the Acer storage is depleted by half as soon as you turn the machine on. The Steve drive is the one that I installed. Plenty of storage now. The circled in red photo shows the increase in RAM... WHEN LOOKING FOR INSTRUCTIONS be aware that this model came out back in May of this year. There are very few instructional videos or written pieces to explain where this memory goes. The SATA drive is pretty self-explanatory. The only video I could find with this particular machine is provided by a user whose name is.   @Silicon Edge   you have to go to YouTube and search that name. I don't believe Amazon would allow me to post a link. It's not in English but all you have to do is watch his hands. If you try other videos you might think it's the machine you've bought until you open the back of yours and you look at the back of theirs and realize that it's different. I highly recommend temporarily taking out the screw on your right side of the battery to secure the ribbon clip. Then just readjust the battery and put the screw back in. Watch the video you'll know exactly what I mean. I love this computer. For $460 including the new ram I upgraded this machine. It would have cost me way more than that to buy it with that memory and that storage from scratch. Quick PS. I bought an HP 27 inch monitor here on Amazon and created a nice little setup. $169. You'll love the machine Don't think twice just buy it. If you want some speed, I mean real speed just upgrade the RAM and the storage. I used crucial. That's the brand name for the SATA and the RAM..... READ ABOUT THE UPGRADES..... You don't want to perform Overkill. The processor wasn't made for it. I'm no techie so I did a lot of reading before I did this."
2420,"Do not waste your time with this. I thought I would look past the bad reviews of this product because it was affordable and I just need it for really simple Word docs. Well, day TWO of trying to use the computer and the mouse pad is not working at all. Looks like this has happened to multiple people. This was a terrible purchase, and I already threw away the box unfortunately. This was the worst purchase of my entire year."
2421,"Whenever the laptop enters idle state or the lid is closed for a few minutes, the laptop becomes unresponsive.  The screen is black, no keyboard or mouse input is accepted, and the fan makes a surging sound.  In order to use the computer, the power button must be held down for 10 seconds to perform a hard reset.  This means that every single time I go to use the laptop, it must be first powered down, powered up, rebooted in order to function.  I tried restoring factory settings which removed all non-included applications.  The issue remained after resetting to factory state."
2422,"Literally the only way you can hear anything is in a dead quiet room, not that great even connected to a Bluetooth speaker.  Battery life is a mere 5 hours. Probably the most disappointing laptop I've ever bought.Updated to add that it will randomly have issues turning on.New update: has now become a daily ordeal attempting to get it to actually turn on."
2423,"I bought this laptop in June for my sister, who is a school teacher.  She used it lightly over the summer and then for one week, in class, last week (second week of August)and it over heated and now it won't run.  Amazon no longer has a 90 Day guaranty, only a 30 day.The call center lady wanted to help me, but could not ,because she did not have the authorization. All she could do was give me the phone number of the manufacturer, who would not answer their phone.Frankly I am shocked at this.  This is the third Acer I have bought for my sister. In the past, they each lasted 3 years with heavy, classroom use. But not this one.Caveat Emptor"
2424,"I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this laptop. It seemed like a good computer for the price. Many if the reviews said it was short on memory. It has a SSD drive but it is a bit on the small side, and the built in ram was lacking at only 4 gb. There is an open slot for ram and a space for a second hard drive already there. The company included a pack of hard drive screws with a web site to instruct you on how to install a second drive. Since I had a like new 1tb laptop drive and a 8gb memory card laying around, I waisted no time. The upgrade was simple.Honestly, I have no complaints with this laptop. Some people complained about the screen. I don't know why, it's very clear to me. Battery life is fine, but I am just a home user so I am not on it for hours at a time. The speakers point down from under the computer, but I can still hear what I need to so no big deal to me. I even don't mind the touch pad on this one (hated the one on my last computer).If you are a gamer or someone who needs a super powerful computer for intense graphics, this probably isn't your best choice. But for home use, I am very happy with this laptop and would certainly recommend it."
2425,"So far this thing is awesome. It’s an i3 and it’s pretty quick! I don’t do a lot of saving/downloading to the hard drive so I didn’t require a larger amount of space. I did however load the Microsoft Suite and Antivirus software and I still have plenty of space. I don’t think I’ve ever had a laptop as quick as this one. Plus it comes with Windows 11 and it seems very user friendly. I am coming off of trying to navigate a Chromebook before just giving it away because I needed a PC. I think that if you plan to download a lot of documents, photos, or music and can use an external hard drive this will be perfect for you. I’ve only had it for a couple weeks so I’ll come back and update if I have any issues, but so far super smooth sailing."
2426,"Llego rápido a Chile, el peso es en termino medio ni tan ligero ni tan pesado. Es muy bonita la laptop tiene la pantalla full HD, 1920x1080, es rápida con el i3 11th, viene con 4gb de ram soldada + una ranura adicional para agregarle ram ddr4 Sodimm, recomiendo una ram de 3200 o 2666 1.2v, ya que el procesador es muy rápido te andará muy bien. Por si te preocupa el cargador en Chile no hay problema funciona re bien. El teclado es la versión US sin la ñ, igual en el Windows le colocas teclado latinoamericano y la tecla derecha de la ""L"" la reconoce como Ñ. Recomiendo esta laptop por su precio a mi me costo en total total 323mil pesos Chilenos para trabajar en programación, ofimática, clases online, etc. No la recomiendo para jugar a menos que incrementes la Ram, pero juegos como LoL y Valorant funcionan bien en gráficos bajos. El sonido es lo normal por el precio no tendrás un sonido detallista. En resumen la laptop es muy rápida, buena, bonita, buen sistema de refrigeración, lo malo es la Ram y el almacenamiento de 128 (al momento de ocuparla solo tienes 80gb libres es urgente que compres un HDD o SSD) yo tengo un hdd de 1TB de 5200 rpm, funciona bastante fluido nada que decir. El i3 11th puedes compararlo en la pagina versus por si estas inseguro, yo los compare e hice benchmark y es un procesador bastante rápido en mono núcleo, pero con una ram adicional esta laptop es una bestia."
2427,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I bought this saying it’s good for school being that I am a teacher can make my lessons plan and use PowerPoint to create lessons. So far so good the soft ware was blocked I YouTubed and unlocked it out of Smode so for me it’s fine and got the job done!I recently started noticing that my laptop overheats for no reason. As once I turn it on and I put it down for 15 -20 mins. The entire laptop overheats. And once that happens that’s it for some time I have to wait until it catches itself and then proceed with whatever I was doing before.I mean I expect something to go wrong but I have had it since July 2021 and it’s March 2022 and from January I noticed the overheating. And trust me I don’t charge it too often.All in all, I am preparing my mind to know I have to start looking for a new laptop soon. Because this one is definitely going to give up on me by July 2022.I like the laptop tough wish I had gotten a better one."
2428,"This Acer A515-56-36UT is just what I was looking for, I am not a young person so I cant answer gaming questions, I dont know how they would run, For what I do, check email watch some youtube, play videos-stream, and some BigFish games I am very pleased with this lap top, Yes I would tell a friend.  ~D~"
2429,"Ordered and this arrived within 4 days. Laptop is basically brand new so overall I'm impressed. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because there is a very small tad bit of wear on the edge on the keyboard. No one would ever notice unless you tried hard to look at it.Spec's were as advertised (8GB RAM, 256 SSD, i5). Screen quality is amazing, Glossy and clean. Keyboard is in brand new condition.I will say I am impressed with how they packaged the product, knowing it's a refurbished device. It came in an authentic Microsoft box."
2430,"Love how nicely it syncs up with my android/Google products. It's fast, light, and a good battery life. I am not an expert on laptops, but needed something reliable that I could stream movies on, and have good video for long distance chats. Love the metal, and I got a plastic sticky cover because I was worried my hands would stain the fabric. So far, it's performed excellent."
2431,"The computer is great. Graphics are good, touch screen is awesome, the keyboard is lit, but when I received my laptop the charger was broken then a week later the touch pad was jammed. I’m not an aggressive clicker so how it jammed is beyond me. But this review isn’t so much for the laptop cause it’s a great laptop but mainly for the company. They were so understanding when I contacted them and they gave me a full refund. They had great customer service. Again the computer is great. I just probably got that one bad one in the batch. I would recommend this computer and company If your looking for a surface!"
2432,Bought the black version of the Surface Laptop 2 and was thoroughly impressed with the condition as being new.I ran a battery test after running the plethora of Windows updates and the battery was new!Sometimes with used or refurbs this is where things can slide a but not in this case. Definitely passed all Microsoft Certified Ref specs.Highly recommended. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend buying this way for a nice discount.
2433,had this not even two weeks and the laptop wouldn't charge and then I was surprise to see a crack on my screen after I closed my laptop and open it and then Microsoft expect you to pay for the damage cause by them building a shirt product. and they have a history of these things having issues. do your self a favor and spend the extra cash for an I mac or a dell and this coming from someone who been buying Microsoft product for year even when they had the zune
2434,"Pros.1. Fast shipping.2. No cosmetic damage.3. Very nice/beautiful laptop for the price.BUT!Cons.1. As soon as I opened up the laptop I realized the touch screen did not work.2. Went to check if it needed updates, over 20 of them! Took about 1-2 hours to get everything updated. The computer got very hot.3. Touchscreen still was not working. Contacted Microsoft support and walked through a lot of trouble shooting steps, first found out this laptop had a very OLD windows version, so had to update this. And then took more trouble shooting steps since the touch screen was still NOT working. Microsoft stated it was a hardware issue, I am working with MICROSOFT TO GET THIS RESOLVED. I bought a previous laptop (same brand) smaller 12.4 inch before this one and that laptop was just as bad as this one.Overall, I do not recommend this seller nor there products."
2435,"Quality is great! Can't tell it's been refurbished. It's the 13.5in. Small and very light! Love it. Touch screen works great, color is great, and functionality is great. The sound surprised me... it can get quite loud. The only downfall is that it doesn't have a memory card slot. I thought it had one but that was for the charger. Would recommend though."
2436,This is a great laptop! I bought it for college and it works great! There is a lot of space for downloading and submitting assignments. It is really nice and I love the fabric on the inside and the lit-up keyboard. Another great quality is the sound that comes from under the keyboard! I love this laptop.
2437,"I, like so many other on here, had some reservations about going with a refurbished laptop. I decided to try this one out, as the dealer had a lot of surprisingly good reviews. I’m sure glad I did! The computer came in original box, and the machine itself looks brand new; no dings, scratches, or chips and it was clean as a whistle. The start-up was quick and streamlined and so far the item functions perfectly. Only drawback was that I thought the surface laptop 2 had a removable screen and it appears I was incorrect. That was a research error on my part however. Digital drawing programs still appear to work great and the surface pen operates flawlessly with this laptop. I’m really looking forward to using this laptop for school and art!"
2438,"I over trusted a renewed item. I have one Surface Laptop 2 so that I want to buy the same one which is enough in use. Even it is end of life in MS Store, I guess it should be still in sale somewhere but it is trerrible. I got one but on the first day I received the product, the Touch Screen was totally missing. Windows told me that the device does not support Touch nor Pen so I requested a replacement order. Even the second one Windows detected the Touch and Pen function, the Touch Screen function is not stable. The screen keeps being touched even I have not touched it..."
2439,I bought this computer for Christmas and have used it very lightly. All of the sudden today it got very hot and now it won’t turn on. Meanwhile my 8 year HP Omen is working well though it is old and much slower. I am returning this back tomorrow luckily for me it is the last day to return so I just made the cut off day for returns. Lesson learn I will go to Best Buy to buy my next laptop as soon as Amazon refunds me my money for this scrap of junk.. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE.
2440,I purchased the asus laptop on cyber Monday I got it delivered on December and since then its been nothing but problems. This computer does nothing but freeze called asus customer service since replacement isn't a option... they had me go to the bios utility...that didn't work so I installed windows to think that would help but nope even with windows 11 it still freezes. It was a laptop for business. So now I have to look at other brands I think im done with asus.Beware before you buy amd 5600H. This laptop is very fast and the speakers a very good.
2441,I am writing this review for the 90-day warranty but I am genuinely excited about the product. Just set it up and it's as advertised. Physically a very solid laptop.
2442,I am writing this review for the 90-day warranty.Been using it for a week and it is working fine. Good exterior design and came with a nice laptop case. The keyboard layout is great and the touchpad is smooth to use. The sound quality of speaker (by harman / kardon) is pretty good for a laptop.
2443,"The touchpad is simply amazing on this device, It's glass so it's super smooth to use. The battery life is good however you obviously won't get the full 15 hours, I think 12 hours is a better estimate for everyday use and 15 hours is only for video playback. In terms of speed, the ryzen 5 5600h is great the laptop has always been fast and reponsive(if you're wondering this processor is slightly faster then the m1 macbook air's multicore cpu processing speed. The gpu is integrated so it will be slower than anything with a dedicated gpu when it comes to gaming and video editing). The screen is nice as it is anti-glare with 100% sRGB. The one thing I want to point out about this device is the price because for 900 canadian(got mine for 899) you're getting something that is worth atleast 200 dollars more."
2444,"Este equipo es una gran adquisición, tiene una gran potencia y velocidad en  tamaño impresionante. La bateria rinde la jornada completa por lo que no tendrán problemas de quedarse sin energía, además el cargador rapido levanta 60% en una hora. Hasta ahora ha funcionado sin problema y la actualización a windows 11 fue sencilla y sin complicaciones. Solo consideren  qué la memoria RAM no puede ampliarse, los 8 Gb funcionan para ofimática y navegacion."
2445,"1. No lo devolví porque no me reembolsan los impuestos ni el envío pagado (cerca de 200 dólares)2. Al hacer la revisión con Passmark me encuentro con que el rendimiento es 5391.0 (foto 1)3. Se actualiza sistema operativo y controladores tenemos que el rendimiento es 5651.5 (foto 2)4. No hay una mejora y se compara con un equipo acer con el mismo CPU y marca 10158.4 (foto 3)ES INCREÍBLE LA DIFERENCIA.1. I did not return it because they do not reimburse me for taxes or paid shipping (about $ 200)2. When doing the review with Passmark I find that the performance is 5391.0 (photo 1)3. The operating system and drivers are updated, the performance is 5651.5 (photo 2)4. There is no improvement and it is compared to an acer computer with the same CPU and brand 10158.4 (photo 3)THE DIFFERENCE IS INCREDIBLE."
2446,This was a very good refurbished Dell Laptop. It arrived on time as expected and have had no problem with the product.
2447,"if you have less money, by this computer and upgrade it 1 by 1 later. For me, i upgraded ram first, then i am planning to upgrade ssd hard. Also sometimes i play dota on my laptop which is working very fine for me, i generally work on research programs and server connection, it also work perfectly. so it good choice."
2448,"I think that this laptop has lots of problem and that is it's windows it self, this laptop is designed for editing and studying it's not for gaming but it's actually great for gaming because the CPU can go up to 4.7 ghz and that is great and the cooling is great there is a lot to upgrade for this laptop for example I added another 8gb 3200 ram and a 1 TB SSD and it looks great.When I play valorant MAX all setting it still gets me 60 fps without a single problem."
2449,Es muy rápida y muy buena calidad de imagen el teclado es súper confortable
2450,very good product Dell is the best
2451,"Non-glare screen (not a touch screen either), very fast! Good laptop in its class.It can run older games and Minecraft."
2452,The charger doesn't fit the jack properly and doesn't charge correctly
2453,Me likey
2454,"Pantalla grande, ideal para clases de niños"
2455,"Haven’t worked with the computer that much so far however,  I would not recommend working with this particular vendor. I specifically was looking for a computer without the S mode and it was NOT noted in the description while other Amazon vendors did note it in their descriptions. had I known that I would not have purchased it because The computer keeps trying to get you to work with Microsoft applications…even if you switch out of S mode. all the Vendor does is send you YouTube videos to show you that you can switch out of S mode which I did but the computer still  tries to get you to switch back to Microsoft apps at least for the small time that I’ve been working with it for my use at least . And I did do it correctly . for example if you switch to Google Chrome it still wants you to switch back to Microsoft edge even if you switch out of it. there’s no communication other than a link to a YouTube site to resolve the problem bottom line it was deceptive to not say that it was an S mode computer and then not resolve the problem."
2456,"This is such good quality! I totally didn’t think it was going to be touch screen, but it is. It’s fast and has intel core7. This was a MUCH NEEDED upgrade for my work and business. I’m so excited!"
2457,"I have it for a 2 weeks now, so far it is work perfect. Look good."
2458,Like it just its not installed with licensed office. So i have to find new one and install them. Small issue
2459,"Va acorde a las caracteristicas especificadas, muy rapida y por un precio razonable"
2460,"En general es buena pero me sigue molestando demasiado el malisimo mousepad que tiene. Tienes que aplanar demasiado para que se mueva el puntero. En ratos ni así. En la laptop que tenía antes era como deslizar te sobre mantequilla, incluso a veces ni siquiera llegaba a tocar el pad, era genial.El de la ASUS me estresa demasiado y voy a tener que comprar un mouse, cosa que yo no quería porque al final es estorboso e impractico. Pará el precio esperaría un mejor mousepad la verdad."
2461,"The computer looks fine but the AC adapter I was given with this product is incompatible with an Australian wall socket. Its misleading how the product information page doesn't stipulate the compatibility of this AC adapter with other countries .There is also NO option to swap this adapter for one that is compatible with an Australian wall socket. The only options I have available is to purchase a universal adapter or return this product for a full refund. This is a joke I've never had this problem in my life, absolutely ridiculous if I could give a 0 I would."
2462,"Como siempre, un gran producto de Asus. No se calienta, es muy rápida y muy ligera. Quizá su único punto débil es el sonido (podría ser más potente), pero no es una gran debilidad."
2463,Muy buen precio para las características de la laptop. Tiene todo y es muy ligera.
2464,Después de 2 meses de uso sin golpes ni mojarla tiene una mancha negra en la pantalla y nadie se quiere hacer responsable FATAL!!
2465,"Aside from the shipping issue I had that came straight from Amazon, the laptop was pretty good. The only issue was the screen had a yellow tint. I tried all (literally) the troubleshooting available on the internet and also contacting Asus for help. In the end they said it was defective. I sent it back. It's pointless to buy a laptop with an OLED screen if it's bad quality. I'm having another one sent so I'll update this review when I get the next one. It would be 5 stars if it wasn't for the screen issue.BTWSpec:1135 CPU12 GB RamIn cased you were confused by the description.Update:Received the 2nd one. It has the same issue. Asus said it may be due to the Asus Splendid software. That software can't be uninstalled. Unistalling all the Asus software didn't fix it. Neither did installing a fresh Windows 10 directly from Microsoft that didn't have the Asus software. I'll be returnung the 2nd one and getting a refund."
2466,"This zippy laptop has a great screen, nice keyboard/trackpad, good battery, lightweight, plenty of RAM and storage -- an excellent budget 15.6 inch laptop.  This is a RECOMMEND -- especially if it's on sale.But it has two shortcomings worth knowing --1.  I wouldn't recommend this for someone who moves around with their laptop 24 hours a day.  I'm not saying it's flimsy but it's also not 'tough' like a business laptop.  But since I'll typically be using it in my home it's very nice for the price.2.  The real problem (which can be easily fixed by you) is super WEIRD.  I've purchased two of these.  The first one had the issue, I returned it, but then the second one had it too.Believe it or not:  installing Google Chrome can make the OLED screen fail.  (See picture.)I know this because I accidentally noticed the screen 'failed' when I installed Chrome on the first one.  I observed this anecdotally, not actually blaming Chrome.  So I returned that laptop, ordered a 2nd one, and that screen crashed PRECISELY when I installed Google Chrome.That is evidence that it's a software problem, not the OLED.  So I Googled 'Chrome breaks my Asus laptop screen' and Asus offers you advice on how to turn off 'hardware acceleration'.(It's easy, anyone can do it.  Go here -- rb.gy/riuezq)  It also claims this same issue can be triggered by their own Edge browser and by Microsoft Office.  Turn off hardware acceleration and you're all set.  I'm going to 'test' this unit to make sure it's fixed but it sure seems so.  (I told you it was weird.)I suspect others are not reporting this (yet) because they haven't updated to Windows 11 yet, which this unit can do."
2467,"Description says ""ASUS ZenBook Pro Duo 15 OLED UX582 Laptop, 15.6” OLED FHD Touch Display, Intel Core i9-11900H, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GeForce RTX 3060, ScreenPad Plus, Windows 11 Pro, Celestial Blue, UX582HM-XH96T"" when it is really a ""Asus Vivobook 15"".  False advertising and a waste of my time.  Do not open the Asus box as you will not be able to return.  Wanted to give Asus another try but after this experience I will not."
2468,"I just bought this computer with the i5 11th generation processor and 12 GB of RAM. I was aiming for an i7 / 16 GB but there was a 200 dollars difference between both and I settled for this on a Black Friday special a little below the 700 dollars mark. After using it for 3 weeks and upgrading to Windows 11, I have sufficient evidence to give you my pros and cons along with my final verdict:Pros:- Zippy in spite of the lower processor power and RAM initially sought. I have not had an instance where I have felt that the laptop needed additional power. Note: i am not a gamer, so I have used Photoshop, illustrator, Music and movies, and Office. I have kept several windows open and it kept going with no issues.- Screen. Never had an OLED before and I was blown away by the vivid colors and contrast. I even had a 4K laptop before and it is not even comparable to this one. Big points for Asus Vivobook here.- Beautiful design. It is very lightbut it does not feel flimsy at all. You need to be careful with it though as it can easily get damaged but if you are careful, it will stand out with the dark gray color, and its shape.- With the 512 GB SSD, it turns on and wakes up really fast. This is normal for this kind of hard drive.- Keys are properly spaced and easy to type in. The keyboard is lighted.CONS:- Ports are not remarkable. The USB-C cannot charge, it is only for data transmission.- It has 2 USB 2.0 and 1 USB 3.0 ports. Not a good combination.- The back cover cannot be easily disassembled to upgrade its memory.- Battery life is subpar. No more than 4 hours even with the powersaving mode on.- No touch screen.VERDICT: For the price, I am happy with the purchase. I think that the OLED screen is the feature that makes it stand out above the rest on that price range.I just scored it with 4 stars for the ports configuration and lack of functionality."
2469,"My initial impression is that it feels a bit fragile. It is light, and the display looks pretty good so far but I wish it was larger. It boots fairly quickly, but otherwise seems to be underpowered. Reading/searching an external drive on the USB 3 ports was painfully slow at times. For some reason the cursor often moves on its own and clicks often have to be repeated 2 or 3 times. The first few hours with it have been very frustrating for those reasons. Less features and connectivity than any other laptop I have owned, but also cheaper. I am hopefully receiving a warranty extension from ASUS for this feedback. I may update it after more experience with it."
2470,"Probably the cheapest oled laptop available got for $689 during Black Friday. Still great value at 799. For $1100 can get i7 with 16gb and nvidia graphics card. The intel iris graphics card has only 1gb memory on board. My 10 year old Sony has that much. So this is the biggest negative for this laptop, an incredible oled screen with an dismal graphics card. Thus the ram is used more and with 12gb, it took up about 7gb when running a 4K video. There are no description of what ram there is so I had to open it to see. There is one slot with 4gb that is replaceable with 260 pin. The other 8gb must be soldered in. I will see if it takes a 16gb memory card.Update ram info installed 16gb from silicon power"
2471,Received this laptop day after cyber Monday. The colors on the screen are amazing. I do not see any of the “yellow screen color “ issues that people have complained about. I am very impressed with this laptop so far. Well worth the $$. Also since I bought it on cyber Monday. Also got a great deal on the price. Very satisfied customer.
2472,"ASUS K513E. I wish the title wasn't completely off, because this is a great laptop for the price. I read the product description and decided to buy even though the title was off, this discrepancy is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars, definitely search up the model number to get the specs from an independent site.No indicator for NumLock but there is one for CAPS and battery chargingSpeakers on the bottom but audio is still clear and loud enough.Glossy screen, rich colour, if you are going to use outdoors or anywhere with a lot of background lights you might want to go non-glossy. Fingerprints galore on the outside though and it's not wiping off easily, but I'm using this strictly at home anyway. Lid doesn't go as far back as I thoughtQuite thin,  solid build, satisfied with purchase. VERY thrilled that ASUS touch pad continues to be top notch in feel/response/control.Would even pay a bit more to get the laptop actually described in the title."
2473,"Item description stated a ""ASUS ZenBook Pro Duo 15 OLED UX582 Laptop, 15.6” OLED FHD Touch Display, Intel Core i9-11900H, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GeForce RTX 3060, ScreenPad Plus, Windows 11 Pro, Celestial Blue, UX582HM-XH96T.""I received a Asus VivoBook. Disappointing and a hassle to return."
2474,It says an Intel i5-1135G7 but in the description it says it has a Intel Core i7-1165G7 Processor and in the question and answer form the ASUS manufacturer says it is an Intel Core i7-1165G7. but as it turns out it is an i5
2475,"It felt cheaply made and wasn't worth over $640, it wasn't backlit and because of the sharp edges around the base it was extremely uncomfortable to use...you agreed to a return but I can't afford to pay shipping and would like to ask that you send me a label for outside the package to return?"
2476,I bought this to replace my desktop. I generally am only typing reports however I do play games from time to time with it and I will say it performs really well. I have no complaints
2477,"It has everything I needed except for enough USB ports. Other than that, I love this labtop."
2478,"I like it because it has a lot of memory, but I couldn't find one with a built in BluRay player like my previous one had."
2479,"Boots from cold off to on in ~5 seconds!Excellent gaming performance via STEAM CS:GOFans spool up to a loud state while gaming to keep GPU & CPU coolSystem opens via normal Philips 000 screws of the bottom plate, exposing the logic board & 45 WH lipo batteryOnce inside the machine you will find an extra space for a second M.2 NVMe drive, a second RAM slot open for upgrading easily & even a full SSD slot for adding an SSD to the machine!Excellent 17inch 144hz screen dims nicely & has many color modes including low blue night modesSound most excellent from two vibration isolated (rubber grommet mount) speakers inside that produce excellent volumes levels & surprising base output for their size & design, utilizing some kind of volume optimized acoustically tuned housing to enhance the speakers output & dynamic range.Power brick gets really warm when system running full playing video gamesBuild quality seems really good, including the heatpipe to heatsink fin cooling system on the left & right rear that blows hot air out the back of the unit near the base of where the display connects to the keyboard case. Air even sucked in from the keyboard in gaming specific zones to keep your fingers cool & dry while playing Esports etcValue most excellent given combo of hardware & build quality for $850 that's hard to beat in early 2021Battery life unsurprisingly mediocre given the 11.4v 4050mah 3S lipo inside the unit, seems like about 3.5-4 hours just browsing the web in Edge, or about 1 hours on battery when playing CS:GO with low settings //I really like the user upgradable design that's easy to open for cleaning or upgrading with simple basic tools nearly everyone has, a 00 or 000 Philips + style screw driver // only 1 corner screw shorter than all the others which are the same length! Thank you Asus!Comes with easy to remove bloatware & the factor M.2 drive really fast with file transfers.Wireless network performance exceptionally fast & low latency! Maxes out potential of my Comcast Xfinity serviceVery light weight or low mass of about 5 lbs which is really amazing given size of the display, making it easily portable & lighter to move around for excellent ergonomics.A full keyboard with number pad makes the IO a pleasure, though your going to want to use a mouse for gaming, since gaming with the touchpad not ideal for fast pace games //"
2480,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   IT has been my livelihood for more than 30 years. I built many of my own computers. My current custom water-cooled Tower is in storage as I'm in the middle of a move.I needed a semi-decently powered laptop to use while my RIG is stored away. This Asus TUF laptop caught my attention for being decently powered but not breaking the bank. When first received I was pleasantly surprised. Speed, nice sized screen. I updated all the drivers needing so as well as patched the OS.The issue starts as soon as I play any MP4 video using any player be it the built in Media player or using VLC the 1650 Ti GPU takes a crap. Video goes all awry. I've attached a video to show this. I'm not going to be dealing with a BRAND NEW laptop having video issues right out of the box. It's going back."
2481,"5 star, if you want it for gaming, get it, i use it to play World of Warcraft: Shadowlands.It runs everything at high performance and does not get heat up.If you are a gamer, get one"
2482,"Reading the reviews for this PC, I was expecting this laptop to sound like it's about to take off at mach 5, but it's really not that loud compared to a struggling older PC or an original PS4 pro whose fan is overworked on newer games. Sure it's not quiet by any means, but not nearly as distracting as I anticipated. Performs well but does get pretty warm during intensive gaming even with an additional cooling pad underneath, so definitely get one of those. The weirdest thing is that when you plug or unplug your charger, the screen goes black for a couple of seconds, presumably due to switching power settings. Shouldn't be an issue during gaming sessions however as of course you should have it plugged in for performance anyway, but something to be wary of if your charger cable ever starts to go out. Internal memory isn't huge so I did buy an additional 4TB SSD, which installed smoothly. Runs FFXIV without issues and scored an extremely high on the Shadowbringers benchmark and a very high on the Endwalker benchmark, so should be good for MMO gaming for another couple of years without upgrades."
2483,"Well, partially it’s my fault. I wanted to skimp out on paying for full price and this is what I got. A laptop that works fine.. if it werent for a non working screen. I got it for 732$ for an almost new product—it should be perfect; but with missing packaging. It’s fine for me, i thought. I couldnt be more wrong.Shipping took forever. 3 days before they ship it out. Arrived after a week and a half.As soon as i pressed the power button, the leds would turn on, as well as the keyboard would have the lights, but no display. Just a black display of nothingness.I was so furious when it did that. I had to call Asus support and they told me to send it back. Which in no way in hell i would do because i aint paying for shipping for a defective product. I called amazon and they said they’ll refund it. Bought myself a brand new acer nitro instead. Now im scared if that laptop would be defective too."
2484,"First, let me say that I have the version with the 1650Ti, not the 3050. Mine also includes the Webcam, full RGB keyboard, and num pad. There is a slim version that does not have this.Now, I bought this laptop to replace my old daily driver that had a 1050. This laptop is miles better than that one in terms of image quality, GPU power, screen refresh, and sound.I've been using this laptop daily since I bought it. I added a 1TB SSD for storage, upgraded the RAM from the included 8GB to 32GB, and dropped the refresh rate to 60Hz to help battery life (which I will get to later).As far as this goes as a gaming laptop, I've been able to run everything I've thrown at it at max settings. Fallout 76 runs at a solid 48fps (its capped there for some strange reason) at max settings. Gears 5 runs at 60fps (again, capped) on max settings even with all the environment and snow particles. With the IPS display, these games look super good. Huge upgrade to my previous laptops TN display. The colors are absolutely crisp and deep.The sound quality is decent. It's not studio music quality, but it's definitely decent enough for gaming without any noticeable clipping issues. I'm able to discern bass, mid, and treble without a lot of muddiness. Obviously, it's not perfect as they are laptop speakers, but given that restriction, I'd say it does very well.Now, the only complaint I have is the battery life. It's nowhere near the advertised. My old laptop with adjusted settings reached 6-7 hours. This one with the same settings reaches only MAYBE 2. If you're playing a game, you'll be lucky to hit an hour. This is not a laptop to play on battery. The higher the graphic quality and the higher you keep the refresh rate (like the native 144hz) the worse it'll be. Even with dropping the refresh to 60 and playing a game that doesn't require the 1650Ti, it still only will last about an hour. Watching videos is longer, but that's still about 2 hours, give or take.Overall a good purchase provided you want it plugged in most of the time."
2485,"No issues so far, great laptop for the price. The larger screen I love; I did do an upgrade to 16GB DDR4 and added 1T secondary m2, still have room for a standard SSD if I want.The upgrade wasn't a required upgrade just something I did to make it a bit more future proof and expand so I could also use it for work.Even with the upgrade the price is below 1100.00 for a very capable Gaming machine.Playing Fallout 4 before the upgrade I was using Ultimate settings and it never slowed down or stuttered.You do sometimes notice the fans spin a bit faster but that's to be expected. It doesn't get hot that I have found, it's heavy but again to be expected; it's built to be tough, to take the bumps and bangs a laptop gets and keep on going.Looks great to, I do notice some fingerprints/palmprints leaving marks but a quick wipe-down removes them."
2486,"I had the Asus 750 before that for which I paid around $1250 and after 7 years began to show its age - albeit still very useable. Thinking  needed to spend that amount again or even more, my local computer guy recommended the F17, voicing several very distinct features which this had, over my old one.One of them was that the weight and thickness were 50% of my old one.Once I had bought a 1TB SSD, double the memory, exterior DVD player/burner and a few other small accessories, the final bill - after configuration by my computer guy- was under $1250.I have various design programs on it in 2D and 3D, along with tons of high res photos. The F17 has plenty of oomph to digest everything. It starts up in the blink of an eye.This laptop is worth every Dollar and you'd be very silly indeed to pass this over as a first or replacement."
2487,"I do not use this computer for gaming. I only use it for trading stocks, watching YouTube videos and occasionally browsing and uploading movies. The battery life is horrible! As for the sound…. I watch a lot of YouTube videos about stocks. The sound is VERY low. I have all sound cranked up to 100 and it’s STILL low! I would say this is NOT good for gamers. I would not buy this if you are looking for long battery life and loud speakers. The fan is also quite loud."
2488,"So I got this to play FF14 while I travel and am away from my actual gaming PC, and this does the job perfectly. It's just generally a really capable laptop -- handles streaming, gaming, did some remote work and calls on it np, etc.I love how lightweight and quiet it is.There was only one initial problem I had with it which would have been a deal breaker if there hadn't been such an easy solution -- while I was waiting in that 4k+ q that's the current reality (as of the EW expac), this pc's fans started going haywire.. SOOO loud, heated up, unacceptable. To fix: simply adjust your maximum power state. Docking it a mere 2% will stop it from making any insane noises and return it to the silent, smooth state it runs in when doing everything else (only had the problem when running games, but again super easy fix.  (if you don't know how to adjust this or what that means this is how you fix: Right click your lil battery icon, hit power options, next to the ""ASUS Recommended"" power plan click ""change plan settings"", ""change advanced power settings"", ""processor power management"", ""maximum power state"" -- reduce this from 100% to 98%. Problem solved, resume quiet, beautiful laptop fun)."
2489,"I got this computer to replace an older HP that had gotten slow and lacked Bluetooth. It works better than I could have hoped! The keyboard is excellent. A responsive keyboard is very important to me, and this one does not disappoint. Connected to Wi-Fi effortlessly, Bluetooth is a breeze. I find very few differences between WIN 10 on my old laptop to the WIN 11 here. I highly recommend it! My main use is leisure - email, some minimal graphic and video creation, and surfing the Internet. This little gem keeps up with my multitasking easily."
2490,"This is my first new Windows laptop in nearly eight years; the previous one is a Dell Inspiron 15R that has seen several upgrades and parts replaced but badly needed to be retired.  I had intended on getting an Inspiron 15 5510 with 16GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD but the price just wasn't right.  I settled for this system with the AMD Ryzen 7 and a 512GB SSD.Unboxing the laptop made me think I made a huge mistake.  This is much smaller than my 15R.  I knew thinness coming into it as well as weight; this is a full pound and a half lighter than the 15R, and that will go a long way in the future (more on that later).  It didn't look like a 15"" laptop, but it really is.The screen is a touchscreen.  I used it only once just to see how it worked.  It works.  I don't ever intend on using it ever again because I do not like fingerprints on my laptop screen and I don't think a touchscreen is a useful feature on a laptop.  It is a higher resolution screen than the 15R but it is not the best in the world.  Granted, my M1 MacBook Air has a smaller screen but it is so freaking sharp and amazing, so much so that I think it blows away every other laptop screen on the market.  The screen on this is not a dealbreaker; I don't intend on using the laptop to watch Netflix or any TV shows or whatnot.  It is going to be used exactly what a computer is intended to be used.The keyboard is really nice.  I had destroyed the original keyboard on the 15R and ordered a replacement off Amazon.  It was the loudest keyboard in the world and sometimes some keys just wouldn't type.  I also could not upgrade to a backlit one (again, another MacBook feature I love).  Both the 5510 and 5515 I was looking at had backlit keyboards, and that was a must-have for me.  This one is much quieter, exactly how a laptop keyboard should sound.  F5 to refresh needed to push the Fn key then F5, but then I learned through Google you can make it so that when you hit the refresh key you can make that a primary function.The power cord is a 65W AC adapter with a much smaller plug; not compatible with what I had for the 15R.  I'll be purchasing a second one for travel.  I'm not so sure I'll use the USB-C port to charge the battery and power the laptop while traveling.  I may end up doing that.In terms of USB ports and all, it's nice that there is an HDMI port, one USB-C, and two USB-A ports.  One of the big selling points for me was that it also had an SD card reader.  That in itself seems like something many laptops being sold in 2022 are being shipped without, forcing the user to buy a potentially costly SD card reader of some sort or USB-C multi-hub.  I wish I had one more USB-A port but that would probably add some weight to the laptop.  I'll be buying a pair of USB-A hubs at some point, one for home and one for travel, especially since I need one USB-A for a wireless mouse (though I might look into Bluetooth mice).Weight was another factor in the purchase.  I originally had my eye on the 5510 because it started at 3.6 pounds.  My 15R was somewhere around 5.1 pounds.  Let me say that this 5515 is a pleasure to carry around.  As a videographer who travels quite a bit by airline, my travel backpack weighs in around 30 pounds with a reduced camera load, which includes PC and Mac and accessories and your typical toiletries.  Making that bag 1.5 pounds lighter will feel real good.  I also had an eye on a custom build HP 15t-dy200, which weighed in around 3.8 pounds, but HP has a ton of issues with custom builds as per comments I've seen on Reddit.Finally, expandability.  I have a MacBook Air that I regret not having 16GB of RAM, but even with 8GB it is one hell of an amazing machine, one that no PC out there today could match.  The Dell Inspiron 15 5515 I got has 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD.  I really wanted a 1TB SSD but settled for the 512GB.  The memory can be expanded to a max of 32GB (two 16GB sticks) and I plan to do that in the future.  The real kicker is learning that the 5515 (and probably the 5510 as well) has room for a second SSD.  I plan to research this a little more because I definitely want to add a second SSD.  It's a type of SSD that I had never heard about until I researched it, and I'm pretty sure the second SSD can be no larger than 2TB.Overall, with writing this only 30 hours since it arrived, I really like this laptop.  I hope I can get many years out of this like I did with my previous Dell."
2491,"i bought the laptop and measured it, and it is 10.7"" x 6.6"" and this is nowhere near the said measurements.working great will update soon."
2492,"great computer, easy to set up and use windows 11"
2493,Exellent
2494,This laptop in not quiet! and  it gets hot in the middle keyboard!Dell should  be ashamed!
2495,Good Laptop for its price
2496,"Proceed with caution. This computer worked fine for the first few days & I loved it. Very fast, Windows 11 was even nice. I tried to use the microphone on it and learned it didn’t work. None of the usual troubleshooting features fixed the problem, so I decided to do a system reset and restore, thinking that I’ve just gotten the computer and a reset should fix any issues. Wrong. It won’t start up and shows two different error codes. When I try to to OS Recovery through Support Assist, I get a message “We are missing some of your system details needed to finish the restore.” I called Dell Support and they suggested that there may be non-Dell parts that are responsible for this. There’s no reason why a reset of a seemingly new system resulted in the computer not working. I’m going to send it to their technicians to look at and will update. I loved it until I was unable to recover or reset the system. As I said, proceed with caution.Edit: I was able to get it fixed with the help of a tech savvy friend. I skipped sending it to Dell, and it works like new."
2497,"Pantalla mate me gusto mucho porque no refleja nada llevo unos 4 meses con ella y e podido jugar mucho hacer tareas, y proyectos sin ningún problema, su calidad de materiales me gusta el aluminio y el metal la hacen ver elegante y lo increíble esque es muy fina perfecta para los viajes, el único problema la gráfica me limita mucho sus 2gigas de RAM si tuviera una 3060 o una 3060ti sería perfecta."
2498,I like this computer.  It didn't take too long to set it up with my files and passwords.
2499,Lo utilice para regalar
2500,"Una lap ágil y poderosa para las tareas del día a día, no se agacha y fácil de configurar"
2501,"I previously purchased a refurbished iPad and it looked as good as new, no scratches, no dents, everything ran great. I decided to purchase another iPad for my daughter and it had a deep scratch on the screen, I returned it, then placed a second order. The second iPad had deep scratches and sticker residue on the back but the front screen seemed ok. It’s a hit or miss. I don’t have time to be mailing the item back and forth. You’re rolling the dice with these iPads. They’re SELLER refurbished quality, definitely not factory refurbished quality which would probably hold a higher standard."
2502,"I recently ordered five “renewed” iPad Air 2 tablets through Amazon.  The Air 2 was, and still is, one of the best iPad designs.  So good, in fact, that the first iPad Pro 9.7 (2018) was really just an updated Air 2 and shared the same thin construction, laminated 9.7-inch Retina display, and overall size.  The Air 2 has supported seven iOS updates and currently runs the latest iPadOS 14 –talk about longevity.  Over 2 million iPad Air 2 models were sold during its two year production that ended in early 2017. Since you can no longer buy a new Air 2, the only option is used/refurbished.  Apple devices like the iPad are remarkably durable and buying refurbished is a great way to find a ""like new"" device that will last you many years to come.  It's a good value, too: When the Air 2 was originally released, the models ranged from $500-$700.  A few years later, you can buy the same models renewed for $200-$300 --a great deal for a device that's still state-of-the-art. There's no shortage of vendors for renewed/refurbished iPads but one thing is clear:  “Renewed, like new” is a broad term that covers everything from near-mint condition to laughingly-damaged devices.  Some vendors are better, others are worse, none will be perfect.  Here’s my experience shopping over the past month: Vendor #1:  All Out Apple I purchased two iPad Air 2’s from this seller, one 32GB and one 64GB.  Both arrived in good condition, packaged safely, and they work fine.  The cosmetic defects are OK --a few light scratches and discoloration on the back of the case on one and a few nicks and shallow dent on the back of the other.  When held at “arm’s length” per Amazon's criteria the issues are not that visible.  The display/touchscreenS are fine.  The batteries in each last the normal 8 or so hours under typical use. The vendor includes a decent 2.4A (12W) USB charger and cable with each device similar to the original iPad charger for fast charging times.  Vendor #2:  Platinum Deals[UPDATED 3/6/21:  I purchased four iPad Air 2’s from this seller, three 32GB and one 64GB.  One of the 32GB arrived in close to ""like new"" condition.  The cosmetic defects were minimal, however, after two weeks use, I noticed that a portion of the display backlight would flicker when set to the lowest brightness setting --the sign of a failing LED in the backlight.  I returned this iPad for another from same seller and the replacement works fine so far.  However, the cosmetic condition of the replacement is not as good as the first one since there are noticeable blemishes all the way around the aluminum bezel and there are a couple light scratches on the surface of the display glass.]  The other two iPads were, unfortunately, a totally different story:  each one was delivered literally bent in the middle --not dented but actually deformed, as in the device was not flat!  This had nothing to do with shipping since the devices were well-packed and the boxes were undamaged.  The deformation on each device distorted the display glass and it was easy to see the permanent distortion when viewing along the edge of the device.  On one iPad, the deformation was severe enough to cause backlight distortion that showed up as bright spots along the edge of the LCD (see photos).  The fact that the refurbisher considered these two bent iPads to be ""renewed, like new"" is both hilarious and sad.  Of course, both of the bent iPads went right back in their boxes for return to Amazon (I put a bright yellow post-it on each one to hopefully warn whoever inspects the returned devices not to turn around and sell them again.)  This vendor also included different USB chargers (either 8W or 12W USB-A or, incorrectly, one of them was USB-C) and cable with each device so they are not consistent --the 12W charger is the correct one for faster charging times.  I do give the vendor credit for immediately sending me the correct charger to replace the wrong USB-C charger delivered with one of the Air 2 units.ADVICE:  So, my advice is to inspect your ""renewed"" iPad carefully since the vendors are not consistent in the overall condition of what they'll send you.  The iPad Air 2, in particular, is remarkably thin and perhaps more prone to getting bent if mishandled during its life --perhaps explaining why bent ones find their way to a refurbisher in the first place.  The Air 2 has a wide tolerance for being bent and still work without a problem. However, it's quite clear that ""like new"" may not necessarily mean ""not bent"" for the ultra-thin Air 2 so use the 90-day Amazon Renewed Guarantee wisely to make sure your renewed device meets a reasonable definition of ""like new"" upon receipt.Overall, I'm happy with the two renewed iPads I decided to keep (32GB models, one from each vendor listed above).  I'm not sure that any one vendor does a better job in selecting ""like new"" iPads but clearly, one of the above did not have an issue sending two bent iPads.Finally, be aware that the 90-day Amazon Renewed Guarantee says you'll get a full refund if not satisfied, however, some of the refurb vendors claim to charge return shipping and restocking fees.  The Amazon Renewed policy is not clear about this so if you're charged fees for the return then you should contact Amazon to have them correct it."
2503,I bought this item as a Christmas gift and received it very prompt but there was a problem . i didn't bother to check the iPad which was a major mistake. they opened it on christmas and it wouldn't turn on. The iPad would not hold a charge it would charge enough to turn on and then turn back off bc of low battery. Amazon was very helpful and help me through the return process to receive my funds.
2504,"This was used, didn't look refurbished. Heavy scratches on the back side by the power plug and it came with generic power cord (although it was a new cord)... front button was dirty, I had to wipe it down! (GROSS)Apparently no one ""factory refurbished it"" because it was not factory reset and it was still set to Spanish language and it was in the previous owners name!!! (I had access to their information!)  It took me some time and searching the internet to figure how to put it in English language so I could reset it to factory to start over.Then, I had to plug it into ITUNES to set it up in my name, it wouldn't set it up as a new device.and finally, the screen went all grainy and I had to restart to recover it. So it was returned for a refund.I wrote the seller about it but received NO response. I would buy elsewhere if I had to do it again!I usually don't have an issue with refurbished gear but this one was a bad experience.Id pass on this seller and if possible, buy NEW!"
2505,"""Certified Refurbished"" on Amazon is practically meaningless. There are no rigorous standards that the company is expected to comply with. I don't know about you, but I expect a ""certified refurbished"" iPad to last longer than a 90 day warranty. Mine did not. It stopped being able to charge one month after the warranty ended, and is now worth nothing. Not even a few bucks for a trade-in. I've had it looked at by technicians, so I'm sure it's dead. My iPad was in a nice leather case, treated very carefully, never got dirty, never was dropped, no liquids, no extreme temperatures, nothing. It still looks brand new. This was just a defective product with a ticking time bomb. Don't be tempted by the ""certified refurbished"" label. It is not the same as a manufacturer's certification, which typically does have rigorous standards and solid warranties. (My first review was denied for going into more detail here, but you can do your own research.) Do yourself a favor and stay away from these products."
2506,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen is felling apart, and the back of the iPad is not even flat, it’s like something had not been installed properly inside. This is not a renewed or used product, it’s a damaged iPad with a third party low quality screen replacement."
2507,"Device had a minor scratch on the back, no problem right? So I thought, until after about two hours of using the iPad, the digitizer (the touch sensor) became completely unresponsive. Cannot trust this certified refurbished product. Going to Apple, same price much higher quality refurbished products! I dabbled in the third-party area, and I got burnt!"
2508,"Purchased the 64gb gold one. Fired it up and immediately had a battery issue. Hardware related, no fault of the battery itself. Emailed the retailer and within 6 hours received a response and after giving my order number, got a shipping label, and item is on way back for refund. In the meantime I purchased another one to replace it, and this unit has been flawless so far. No scratches on either one, had no issues updating it, or anything else so far. I will update this if I have an issue with getting the refund on the first one. Would I purchase again? So far, yes."
2509,"iPAD was supposedly certified as refurbished; however, it was NOT.  I was brand new to Apple products when I bought this device and really did not know much about navigating my way around. I also made the mistake of taking too long to put the Air 2 through its paces, and as usual, life got in the way.  When I finally did start trying to use it, I found all kinds of problems with it--it won't return HOME when you push the Home key; it won't load apps; it won't accept  a fingerprint ID, etc. I thought at first it was me, but I asked an experienced user to try it and he found the same problems.  The refurbisher (Kanga Electronics) would NOT do anything about it, claiming it was past the warranty (I think it was about 6-9 months old at the time).  They wouldn't even offer to try to fix it!  They give new meaning to the phrase: ""Let the Buyer beware"".  The iPAD cost WAY TOO MUCH for this kind of treatment and you can bet I will NEVER buy anything else from these people, refurbished or new.  What a rip-off this was!!"
2510,"I was amazed that I got it the next day.That amazement faded fast when I picked up the box and heard the iPad rattling around inside.Sure enough, it was DOA.After contacting support and trying different things to get the power on, it was agreed it was a goner. And, the return was approved.Even before I printed out the label I ordered another. Shucks, it's going to take 4 days to get it. Oh well, maybe it will be packaged better.I'll be sure to post about it as soon as I see if it will power up"
2511,"This laptop is a super beast, I use it for video editing, making music and gaming, when I game I usually game in 4k 60fps and it does that effortlessly"
2512,Good fast computer
2513,"I bought this laptop specifically for music production. It really does the job well with recording real-time audio. I can also use most of my plugins without any delay or having my DAW crash. The only thing I dislike about this laptop is the battery life. (Battery saver helps if you don't mind always having it enabled) Other than that, it is a fast and smooth laptop. Good for content creators."
2514,"Lot of power for the price.Screen is nice but not great. Performance is speedy. Battery life is pretty terrible. I get about an hour or less gaming. Non gaming, like 3-4.If being plugged in all the time isn't an issue, this laptop is great value for the price."
2515,I have a 3 because I was under the impression it was a laptop with the finger reader . Apparently it is not. And this threw me off as the pics show it
2516,"Very happy with my computer. The sound, graphics, everything is great! Thank you! I'm gaming again, couldn't be happier with my purchase."
2517,"Muy buena maquina, deseaba comprar hace tiempo una portatil para mis trabajos de la universidad, para editar algo de videos y fotos y jugar a la vez y aproveche a comprar esta maquinaza, muy buena para su precio, me llegò en 5 dias a Perù, muy buen servicio para el precio."
2518,"Excelente producto, mis programas corren muy bien, la batería dura lo suficiente (3 hrs aprox), lo único malo es que solo trae 2 puertos usb + 1 usb-c, eventualmente he necesitado un hub para poder conectar más periféricos. Mi uso principal son programas tipo autocad."
2519,Do not like Windows 11
2520,"Laptop rapida, graficos buenos y no pesa tanto eso se sagradece para trabajos buenisimo"
2521,"I figured 4GB of RAM would be sufficient just for day to day use. I was a bit disappointed in 128GB of storage and decided that even though it was a really nice machine for the price, for another $80 and change I could really make it fly.. if you look at my photos you can see that there's built in space for a 2.5 in SATA drive. In addition there is room to add memory and I decided to add another 8GB of RAM along with the SATA drive and 480 GB of storage. Obviously it makes a huge difference. If you look at the pictures I posted you can see that the Acer storage is depleted by half as soon as you turn the machine on. The Steve drive is the one that I installed. Plenty of storage now. The circled in red photo shows the increase in RAM... WHEN LOOKING FOR INSTRUCTIONS be aware that this model came out back in May of this year. There are very few instructional videos or written pieces to explain where this memory goes. The SATA drive is pretty self-explanatory. The only video I could find with this particular machine is provided by a user whose name is.   @Silicon Edge   you have to go to YouTube and search that name. I don't believe Amazon would allow me to post a link. It's not in English but all you have to do is watch his hands. If you try other videos you might think it's the machine you've bought until you open the back of yours and you look at the back of theirs and realize that it's different. I highly recommend temporarily taking out the screw on your right side of the battery to secure the ribbon clip. Then just readjust the battery and put the screw back in. Watch the video you'll know exactly what I mean. I love this computer. For $460 including the new ram I upgraded this machine. It would have cost me way more than that to buy it with that memory and that storage from scratch. Quick PS. I bought an HP 27 inch monitor here on Amazon and created a nice little setup. $169. You'll love the machine Don't think twice just buy it. If you want some speed, I mean real speed just upgrade the RAM and the storage. I used crucial. That's the brand name for the SATA and the RAM..... READ ABOUT THE UPGRADES..... You don't want to perform Overkill. The processor wasn't made for it. I'm no techie so I did a lot of reading before I did this."
2522,"Do not waste your time with this. I thought I would look past the bad reviews of this product because it was affordable and I just need it for really simple Word docs. Well, day TWO of trying to use the computer and the mouse pad is not working at all. Looks like this has happened to multiple people. This was a terrible purchase, and I already threw away the box unfortunately. This was the worst purchase of my entire year."
2523,"Whenever the laptop enters idle state or the lid is closed for a few minutes, the laptop becomes unresponsive.  The screen is black, no keyboard or mouse input is accepted, and the fan makes a surging sound.  In order to use the computer, the power button must be held down for 10 seconds to perform a hard reset.  This means that every single time I go to use the laptop, it must be first powered down, powered up, rebooted in order to function.  I tried restoring factory settings which removed all non-included applications.  The issue remained after resetting to factory state."
2524,"Literally the only way you can hear anything is in a dead quiet room, not that great even connected to a Bluetooth speaker.  Battery life is a mere 5 hours. Probably the most disappointing laptop I've ever bought.Updated to add that it will randomly have issues turning on.New update: has now become a daily ordeal attempting to get it to actually turn on."
2525,"I bought this laptop in June for my sister, who is a school teacher.  She used it lightly over the summer and then for one week, in class, last week (second week of August)and it over heated and now it won't run.  Amazon no longer has a 90 Day guaranty, only a 30 day.The call center lady wanted to help me, but could not ,because she did not have the authorization. All she could do was give me the phone number of the manufacturer, who would not answer their phone.Frankly I am shocked at this.  This is the third Acer I have bought for my sister. In the past, they each lasted 3 years with heavy, classroom use. But not this one.Caveat Emptor"
2526,"I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this laptop. It seemed like a good computer for the price. Many if the reviews said it was short on memory. It has a SSD drive but it is a bit on the small side, and the built in ram was lacking at only 4 gb. There is an open slot for ram and a space for a second hard drive already there. The company included a pack of hard drive screws with a web site to instruct you on how to install a second drive. Since I had a like new 1tb laptop drive and a 8gb memory card laying around, I waisted no time. The upgrade was simple.Honestly, I have no complaints with this laptop. Some people complained about the screen. I don't know why, it's very clear to me. Battery life is fine, but I am just a home user so I am not on it for hours at a time. The speakers point down from under the computer, but I can still hear what I need to so no big deal to me. I even don't mind the touch pad on this one (hated the one on my last computer).If you are a gamer or someone who needs a super powerful computer for intense graphics, this probably isn't your best choice. But for home use, I am very happy with this laptop and would certainly recommend it."
2527,"So far this thing is awesome. It’s an i3 and it’s pretty quick! I don’t do a lot of saving/downloading to the hard drive so I didn’t require a larger amount of space. I did however load the Microsoft Suite and Antivirus software and I still have plenty of space. I don’t think I’ve ever had a laptop as quick as this one. Plus it comes with Windows 11 and it seems very user friendly. I am coming off of trying to navigate a Chromebook before just giving it away because I needed a PC. I think that if you plan to download a lot of documents, photos, or music and can use an external hard drive this will be perfect for you. I’ve only had it for a couple weeks so I’ll come back and update if I have any issues, but so far super smooth sailing."
2528,"Llego rápido a Chile, el peso es en termino medio ni tan ligero ni tan pesado. Es muy bonita la laptop tiene la pantalla full HD, 1920x1080, es rápida con el i3 11th, viene con 4gb de ram soldada + una ranura adicional para agregarle ram ddr4 Sodimm, recomiendo una ram de 3200 o 2666 1.2v, ya que el procesador es muy rápido te andará muy bien. Por si te preocupa el cargador en Chile no hay problema funciona re bien. El teclado es la versión US sin la ñ, igual en el Windows le colocas teclado latinoamericano y la tecla derecha de la ""L"" la reconoce como Ñ. Recomiendo esta laptop por su precio a mi me costo en total total 323mil pesos Chilenos para trabajar en programación, ofimática, clases online, etc. No la recomiendo para jugar a menos que incrementes la Ram, pero juegos como LoL y Valorant funcionan bien en gráficos bajos. El sonido es lo normal por el precio no tendrás un sonido detallista. En resumen la laptop es muy rápida, buena, bonita, buen sistema de refrigeración, lo malo es la Ram y el almacenamiento de 128 (al momento de ocuparla solo tienes 80gb libres es urgente que compres un HDD o SSD) yo tengo un hdd de 1TB de 5200 rpm, funciona bastante fluido nada que decir. El i3 11th puedes compararlo en la pagina versus por si estas inseguro, yo los compare e hice benchmark y es un procesador bastante rápido en mono núcleo, pero con una ram adicional esta laptop es una bestia."
2529,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   I bought this saying it’s good for school being that I am a teacher can make my lessons plan and use PowerPoint to create lessons. So far so good the soft ware was blocked I YouTubed and unlocked it out of Smode so for me it’s fine and got the job done!I recently started noticing that my laptop overheats for no reason. As once I turn it on and I put it down for 15 -20 mins. The entire laptop overheats. And once that happens that’s it for some time I have to wait until it catches itself and then proceed with whatever I was doing before.I mean I expect something to go wrong but I have had it since July 2021 and it’s March 2022 and from January I noticed the overheating. And trust me I don’t charge it too often.All in all, I am preparing my mind to know I have to start looking for a new laptop soon. Because this one is definitely going to give up on me by July 2022.I like the laptop tough wish I had gotten a better one."
2530,"This Acer A515-56-36UT is just what I was looking for, I am not a young person so I cant answer gaming questions, I dont know how they would run, For what I do, check email watch some youtube, play videos-stream, and some BigFish games I am very pleased with this lap top, Yes I would tell a friend.  ~D~"
2531,"Ordered and this arrived within 4 days. Laptop is basically brand new so overall I'm impressed. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because there is a very small tad bit of wear on the edge on the keyboard. No one would ever notice unless you tried hard to look at it.Spec's were as advertised (8GB RAM, 256 SSD, i5). Screen quality is amazing, Glossy and clean. Keyboard is in brand new condition.I will say I am impressed with how they packaged the product, knowing it's a refurbished device. It came in an authentic Microsoft box."
2532,"Love how nicely it syncs up with my android/Google products. It's fast, light, and a good battery life. I am not an expert on laptops, but needed something reliable that I could stream movies on, and have good video for long distance chats. Love the metal, and I got a plastic sticky cover because I was worried my hands would stain the fabric. So far, it's performed excellent."
2533,"The computer is great. Graphics are good, touch screen is awesome, the keyboard is lit, but when I received my laptop the charger was broken then a week later the touch pad was jammed. I’m not an aggressive clicker so how it jammed is beyond me. But this review isn’t so much for the laptop cause it’s a great laptop but mainly for the company. They were so understanding when I contacted them and they gave me a full refund. They had great customer service. Again the computer is great. I just probably got that one bad one in the batch. I would recommend this computer and company If your looking for a surface!"
2534,Bought the black version of the Surface Laptop 2 and was thoroughly impressed with the condition as being new.I ran a battery test after running the plethora of Windows updates and the battery was new!Sometimes with used or refurbs this is where things can slide a but not in this case. Definitely passed all Microsoft Certified Ref specs.Highly recommended. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend buying this way for a nice discount.
2535,had this not even two weeks and the laptop wouldn't charge and then I was surprise to see a crack on my screen after I closed my laptop and open it and then Microsoft expect you to pay for the damage cause by them building a shirt product. and they have a history of these things having issues. do your self a favor and spend the extra cash for an I mac or a dell and this coming from someone who been buying Microsoft product for year even when they had the zune
2536,"Pros.1. Fast shipping.2. No cosmetic damage.3. Very nice/beautiful laptop for the price.BUT!Cons.1. As soon as I opened up the laptop I realized the touch screen did not work.2. Went to check if it needed updates, over 20 of them! Took about 1-2 hours to get everything updated. The computer got very hot.3. Touchscreen still was not working. Contacted Microsoft support and walked through a lot of trouble shooting steps, first found out this laptop had a very OLD windows version, so had to update this. And then took more trouble shooting steps since the touch screen was still NOT working. Microsoft stated it was a hardware issue, I am working with MICROSOFT TO GET THIS RESOLVED. I bought a previous laptop (same brand) smaller 12.4 inch before this one and that laptop was just as bad as this one.Overall, I do not recommend this seller nor there products."
2537,"Quality is great! Can't tell it's been refurbished. It's the 13.5in. Small and very light! Love it. Touch screen works great, color is great, and functionality is great. The sound surprised me... it can get quite loud. The only downfall is that it doesn't have a memory card slot. I thought it had one but that was for the charger. Would recommend though."
2538,This is a great laptop! I bought it for college and it works great! There is a lot of space for downloading and submitting assignments. It is really nice and I love the fabric on the inside and the lit-up keyboard. Another great quality is the sound that comes from under the keyboard! I love this laptop.
2539,"I, like so many other on here, had some reservations about going with a refurbished laptop. I decided to try this one out, as the dealer had a lot of surprisingly good reviews. I’m sure glad I did! The computer came in original box, and the machine itself looks brand new; no dings, scratches, or chips and it was clean as a whistle. The start-up was quick and streamlined and so far the item functions perfectly. Only drawback was that I thought the surface laptop 2 had a removable screen and it appears I was incorrect. That was a research error on my part however. Digital drawing programs still appear to work great and the surface pen operates flawlessly with this laptop. I’m really looking forward to using this laptop for school and art!"
2540,"I over trusted a renewed item. I have one Surface Laptop 2 so that I want to buy the same one which is enough in use. Even it is end of life in MS Store, I guess it should be still in sale somewhere but it is trerrible. I got one but on the first day I received the product, the Touch Screen was totally missing. Windows told me that the device does not support Touch nor Pen so I requested a replacement order. Even the second one Windows detected the Touch and Pen function, the Touch Screen function is not stable. The screen keeps being touched even I have not touched it..."
2541,"It is packaged well by MSI, very slick looking laptop.Initially I was a little frustrated by what looked like small debris that got between the screen and casing. I used some screen cleaner along with the microfiber towel that came with the laptop to get the majority out, so that was solved.Now as far performance, I spend initial time updating the graphics driver which was easy and noticed that most drivers were up to date which was good.I used 3DMARK to run a check on the processor and Video card. Got the following for CPUMax threads 371716 threads 36658 threads 32884 threads 23682 threads 14191 thread 727And as far as GPU I got a 6287 time spy scoreWhich is higher then a lot of laptop gaming PCs.So the scores were within what you would expect.What was concerning was how hot the cpu temp got during testing. Went over 90 Celsius a good portion of the test while the GPU went to 75 Celsius.I might have to check and see if it’s the thermal paste they used but not sure if I want to mess around either with it.So it is heavy due to the big battery which you would expect from a gaming pc, the fans do their job but you hear them and it gets hot.Performance wise the screen is amazing and gaming on it is awesome. I used it first day to play the new world beta and it looked and played awesome.Very pleased.Update 8/6/21I am moving the laptop from 4 stars to 5Like I mentioned above the laptop gets hot when you play for a long time and I recommend headphones or ear buds while gaming as having the fan to max (by pressing FN and F8(fan key) can be veeeery loud!But the benchmarks I initially posted are low as compared to what I am getting now as I did not have it to the extreme performance on the MSI Dragon Center clicked before. This laptop is a powerhouse!Update 8/10/21:Didn't mention this in my previous review but the ""brick"" or power supply is terrible. With a system like this you end up having to use the power supply alot as the battery drains pretty quickly if your not hooked up. Well the issue is with the cord, the cord is too short. You end up sometimes having to either lift the brick off the ground and put it on the couch with your or try to get it real close to the chair, its just too short... So if your someone that gets frustrated by stuff like that you will be irritated with this power supply."
2542,"This is my second MSI laptop and the quality is top notch; performance, screen clarity and color brilliance, all are exceptional.  The only negative is the ""Killer"" network controller app; it is hands down the absolute worst piece of garbage software I've seen since I got my first computer in 1984.  No matter what I did, it constantly throttled down my internet access to about 10% (often much less) of the potential bandwidth available.  If you buy this (or another computer) with this app on it, disable or uninstall it and you'll be much happier."
2543,"As soon as it came we tried within a hour of booting it up and getting it going. Computer won't turn on at all, fans start up like it's ready to run but just stays black screen and power button glows orange. Returning this and going back to ROG, dissapointing msi."
2544,Very good value for the money. Would be worth paying much more
2545,Yeah it's cool
2546,"I had a previous model but not 100% sure if they fixed it. Assuming from a design standpoint you just replace and update certain components. But my GPU fan started to make clunking sounds due to the bearing wearing down and replaced that myself. But after for no reason the backlight on my screen gave out. I've replaced the screen cable and that didn't work. Also replaced the whole screen assembly and that didn't work. Which leads me to believe the backlight function on the motherboard blew out. Also my space bar was having some major response issues, but upon inspection my battery expanded. That was an easy replacement.Despite all those problems I loved the laptop for being small, thing and portable. However, mostly likely will not go with the stealth model again. It could just be that I had bad luck."
2547,Great laptop
2548,"I did a repaste with some Syy 157 and thermal pads, undervolted the CPU, and this thing purrs. It maintains no more than 86 degrees at ultra performance settings, maintaining an average 90fp with DLSS turned off on games such as Control, and maxes out the FPS on more competitive games like Siege. I spent almost 2 months researching and researching, and this was the best deal I could possibly find.UPDATE: After a couple months of use, the Page Up key randomly decided to pop off. I take immaculate care of my things, and am not sure what caused it. Browsing forums and Reddit, it appears this is a common issue with MSI keyboards. It is super easy to replace, and you can do so for $10. But the fact I paid almost $2,000 for a laptop, and the keys pop off at their own will is something to consider. I have passed my replacement window at this point, and the best Amazon could do was offer 10% of my money back. Outside of that, this machine is a beast."
2549,"OK, this is my second unit, but it is beautiful and everything works right out of the box.Note: the first unit shipped to me by Amazon had about a 10 inch crack diagonally across the display when I opened it right out of the box and powered it up.  I've seen numerous videos of reviewers tossing these LG Grams down a set of concrete stairs, bouncing and tumbling.. and then they pick it up and it turn back on and works.  So.. this clearly was some sort of factory defect that escaped LG.  NOW.. this is why I love Amazon... because I immediately contacted customer support to request an exchange and they had an new unit allocated to me immediately, which shipped the next morning.  No fuss, no muss... just the usual outstanding Amazon customer service.  But this only works if the item is sold by Amazon, not 3rd parties.. so I always make sure that when buying expensive electronics on Amazon.... I only by directly from Amazon, NOT 3rd parties.On to the second unit, which works and is perfect in workmanship and finish.  Powered up the unit and it immediately did the now famous Windows 10 configuration dialog and sequences.  Took only a few minutes, and then it was up and ready to go.  It performed a series of driver updates, and OS updates to bring it current, all without flaw and almost transparent to me, save for the need to log in after it did an after hours reboot to bring the OS updates online.Let me take a moment to comment on LG packaging of the unit.  The package is a very compact, very sleek, yet perfect protection for the unit in shipment.  LG has outstanding packaging design teams, and that goes right down to the box they ship product in.  Box is double sealed with LG security tape, with a note to refuse to accept the item if the seals are broken.Unit comes with a USB C power unit, power cord for the unit, and a quick get started booklet of a few pages.  Everything else is on the machine itself.Battery was about 70% charged upon receipt, so I immediately got a chance to see the unit top up the power to full.. and while doing so... it draws a lot of power from the little power unit, so both the underside of the notebook and the power unit will get warm during battery charging. But once the battery is full charge, everything cools down.  So just be aware that the power unit will get warm when the battery is charging.  There may be some setting adjustments to tone the rate of charge down, but I have not yet delved into the LG specific apps and features for managing the computer.The keyboard is fantastic in the 2021 LG Gram lineup, as is the new track pad design (though I prefer to use a mouse most of the time), and is quite functional and crisp if you are a trackpad user.While sound is not typically an LG Gram strong suit, I have to say the sound system in the 2021s is a step up from prior years models.All in, LG very much appears to be on a consistent path to keep in making LG Grams better and better every year.It still boggles the mind how a 16 inch notebook can be so light weight, thin, and yet rugged in design.  I was a bit skeptical about the new aspect ratio (16:10) of the 16 inch screen (same as Apple does), but I am now sold on it.  Plenty of screen in a form factor that is actually a bit smaller than last years LG Gram 15 inch units.Time will tell how this notebook does longer term, but if LGs reputation for their Gram line is any indicator.. it will have a long and reliable life.  There are after all, no moving parts in an LG Gram other than the keyboard and the hinge for the display.  Everything else is completely solid state.  RAM is soldered to the board (a requirement for the new generation ram that goes with the gen 11 Intel processors), and there is a single 1 tera byte SSD.Happily LG does not load up their Grams with a lot of bloatware.  From my perspective, the only programs that need to be immediately purged from the machine is McAfee LiveSafe 30 day trial (I prefer to use the tandem combo of Windows Security and Malwarebytes Premium), and Office 365 trial (I prefer a licensed copy of Office installed on my machines, not Office 365).  Other than that, everything looks tight and clean on the disk image from the factory.I plan to let the machine stay powered up for the next week to insure that there are no early component issues, and then I will be moving files from my old computer to this one and expect to be completely on the new LG Gram  from then on."
2550,"Been playing around with the 16 inch version for several weeks now. build-wise I am very pleased. The screen doesn't wobble too much and the keyboard is just lovely to use. I will say there's one potential issue, where if you put enough weight/pressure on the space left or right of the touch pad, you can get it to register as a click, but in practical use it never happened. Something to watch out for if you have massive sausage arms that lay flat on the laptop, maybe. That aside, I REALLY like the trackpad. It's been like a decade since I used a laptop pad so I was assuming a mouse would be a mandatory purchase, but not anymore. The multi-touch controls work great, and it's nice and big so I never feel like my fingers are gravitating too far into a corner to browse properly.On the software side of things I am impressed with the SSD and operating system. Once you got your user settings entered the first time around, the computer can go from the powered-off state to your home screen in like fifteen seconds. I haven't extensively tested the CPU, though I've found it can run Overwatch at low settings and 60fps with only minimal tinkering.  I primarily use it for writing and the occasional google research/time waster, which it handles with ease, and I'm sure it could stream a Spotify setlise or play iTunes on top of that as well. It also didn't seem like a big deal at first, but the fingerprint scanner is so nifty to have, I have actually become spoiled on it and feel irritated when I have to type my password out on the desktop.There are some ""bloatware"" applications pre-installed that you could do without, such as McCaffee, but mostly the applications seem fine. There's the LG Virtoo app that can sync to an LG phone, which I also happen to have. Testing it...I mean, it works, you can send/receive calls through the laptop and copy over any photos you've taken, but the bluetooth connectivity would kill your phone battery with any extensive use, and the sound/mic quality on the Gram is not professional by any means. Far more useful is the simple control panel that has your power features, screen brightness and fan options at just a click away. There's also an LG-branded video editor, though given the Gram's low voltage and integrated graphics, I doubt you'd want to compile any 4k footage on this laptop.There's only a handful of nitpicks bring it down to a 4/5. Main thing is, for whatever reason, I can't get it to save separate power usage/brightness settings depending on whether it's plugged in or not. This is quickly fixed by clicking the battery on the taskbar and using the hotkeys to change the screen's brightness, but it is irksome to do it EVERY single time. Secondly, if you use the Gram at a less than full charge while charging, the charger brick gets surprisingly warm. I'd say it's hot, even. Lastly, the screen is really glossy. As a cave-dwelling hermit this doesn't affect me, but I can imagine using this in an outdoor setting or coffee shop with a bunch of overhead lamps might not be the best experience.Can I recommend this absurdly expensive laptop to everyone? Well, no. It fits my niche of needing a super lightweight quiet writing device with a decent screen size, easily capable of some research googles or wasting time with very light gaming sessions. In this regard I am super satisfied. If you need something for gaming, media production or media consumption, there are cheaper, better options available."
2551,"I bought this laptop because I really liked an LG Gram that I bought a few years ago, and wanted an upgrade with a bigger screen and more RAM. So far I've been disappointed. I have a few issues with this laptop, though hopefully the main one will be fixed soon and it's probably not entirely LG's fault:My main issue is that audio calls (Zoom etc.) sound quite bad when using the built-in speakers -- much worse than using my old Gram. The audio is quiet and muffled, and if I turn up the sound the sound starts breaking up a bit. After googling some, I found that other people are having this issue on other laptops with Windows 11 (I cannot provide links in Amazon reviews, but you can search to find them). It seems that with some other laptop manufacturers, there is now an audio driver that fixes the problem, but I am fully updated with LG drivers and I still have this issue. I will likely have to send the laptop back to LG.My secondary issue is that the battery life is just OK. For example, after 3 hours of Teams and Zoom calls, the battery was pretty much entirely drained. I know that the ""22 hours of battery life"" is not meant to be while on high brightness and doing video calls, but still 3 hours is not very impressive. I think my old Gram still does somewhat better than this.Other than that, I feel that this can be a nice laptop. It's light and has a big screen, and the performance seems good overall. But I recommend not buying it until LG at least provides drivers that fix the sound issue. Otherwise, video calls sound terrible."
2552,"Specs was different from advertised. When I read the specs it says 4.7 GHZ. However, when I check my system in settings, it stated 2.8ghz."
2553,"I love this computer because it has amazing battery life and is incredibly lightweight. I've made it through whole workdays without having to charge.Notably, it does not have a touch screen, but that's just not a big deal to me.It lost one star on screen quality from me just because it is very reflective which can be tricky in some settings.I have no regrets about this purchase, and I highly recommend it."
2554,"Bought this for my wife. She likes it. Very for the size. Easy set-up; no real bloat ware. Seems very snappy. Screen is very nice. Keyboard is fine.Only con is that sound could be a little stronger/louder, but easy to link to a Bluetooth speaker."
2555,"It is so light, akin to holding a magazine.  It is slimmer and narrower than my Dell Inspiron 15, yet the screen is bigger.  Just had it two days, but so far the processor seems quick and the display clear and bright.  Very happy with my purchase."
2556,Perfect laptop if you use your laptop to watch movies. Unbelievable light weight. Really beautiful.
2557,I bought the LG Gram to replace a failing old laptop. My choice fell on the LG because of the nice specs and the light weight. I travel a lot and need something that doesn't wear me down while running through airports.
2558,"Great for business and college!! Love the speed for looking through my files. The lightness kind of scared me when I first got in, but I dig it"
2559,Good
2560,Works great
2561,Los ventiladores suenan bastante y se calienta un poco. Pero el rendimiento es excelente
2562,"After reading the mixed reviews I ordered the item anyway knowing that with Amazon's return/refund policy it wouldn't be a problem if there was an issue. I've returned items before and never had a problem.WOW! I received it last night, three days early. I expected a (renewed) chromebook, but if it was renewed I couldn't tell. It was as new as new can get. The price was great, took 5 minutes to set up, it took about an hour to charge, and it's good to go. Easy for an old guy with dementia to figure out. SO FAR<>SO GOOD, I'll update this review as time goes on and I learn the possibilities of this ""new to me"" gadget/ gizmo/ widget/Chromebook. I'm impressed and it's a hell of an upgrade to my windows 7 desktop.Yes, at this point I'd buy it again and will recommend it."
2563,"The hardware is fine but the software is, effectively, defunct. I purchased a used Chromebook, admittedly, with little research into the operating system, so I could take my telehealth appointments on the go as a therapist. (I already have a hefty desktop I use daily.) Unfortunately, once a Chromebook is 5+ years old (sometimes even younger), it will simply stop updating. Planned obseletion point blank. Without updates, you can neither update the security nor run many in-browser functions. If I attempt to run a telehealth session through SimplePractice, I will get a notice to update my browser (which there is no way to do manually--done deal). You also can't use streaming services other than YouTube. I'd hoped that since it had HDMI, it could also be a way to watch Hulu, Disney+, or Netflix on my television set. Wrong. These also do not run on outdated browsers. I essentially have a non-video capable browser and that's it."
2564,I read the reviews and almost didn’t spend the money. Glad I did! My 9 yr old granddaughter uses it everyday.This is what she says about the laptop:Easy to useIt keeps a chargeSmall enough she can take it in the car.
2565,"Im one that is always making sure i do my research on things before i purchase them, especially online. This is one of those purchases that just blows my mind. Im so incredibly happy with this computer! The screen was perfect, keyboard typing like its brand new, charging great, holds charge long, lightweight, easy to use. i would recommend this to anyone looking for a good computer that you may not want to be brand new."
2566,It's been on a charger for an HR and it won't come on when I push the power button..I'm very dissatisfied with this product it was referbished in Canada don't they even chk to see if the turn on b4 they ship them out..IT WILL BE SENT BACK. I HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH AMAZON UNTIL NOW..🤬🤬🤬🤬
2567,This is a piece of junk. It stopped working after a month and a half. The screen is totally blitzed and I cannot get any kind of technical support from Amazon or Dell. It never did have a touch screen. Do not purchase.
2568,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   A mi me gustó, como ya tengo una cuenta de correo electrónico, fue fácil usarla, y lo mejor cuando la prendes su acceso es rápido para navegar, solo la primera vez que usé no podía conectarla al televisor, así que busque en mi teléfono en las herramientas el problema, y ahí encontré como hacer que se viera la pantalla en la tv,  tienes que ir  los devices para conectar al monitor. Yo solo la usó para ver en pantalla grande conectado al televisor,  para quienes hacen trabajos escolares oficina y más esto es perfecto!!!"
2569,"First it did not arrive on the promised date because the company changed it without notice so my daughter did not get her birthday present until after her birthday. Then, when it did after spending the afternoon charging with the charger's light on and the Chromebook charging light on we found the device was completely unresponsive. Would not turn on and the light at the bottom of the device had gone out. Picked it up to put it in the box and heard the not so encouraging sound of something sliding around inside of the laptop. So now my daughter is once again waiting for her birthday gift."
2570,"I wish I had taken a picture to post in the review before I sent the laptop back for a refund. I overlooked the description that is was a renewed product and that would have been fine by me if the laptop did not show up looking how it did. It was so dented and scraped up. It was poorly taken care of and completely neglected. I do not know how it passed what inspection system they have but it was not acceptable. I read the comments before purchasing so I had decent expectations. Just be weary of purchasing the product, you might receive a perfectly fine laptop but I did not. If you take the chance, just remember you might receive one that is great or decent quality or in my case receive one that looks like it was thrown around and chewed up by a dog."
2571,I had seen buy in next so many hours for overnight delivery so I purchased. However when I looked at order a few hours later it had a delivery date 5 days away. I contacted seller and they were very courteous as well as standing out in customer service as after a hold the rep ( I am thinking his name was john) came back on phone to let me know it would arrive the next day as it did and exactly as described. Greta purchase OUTSTANDING customer service
2572,"It felt cheaply made and wasn't worth over $640, it wasn't backlit and because of the sharp edges around the base it was extremely uncomfortable to use...you agreed to a return but I can't afford to pay shipping and would like to ask that you send me a label for outside the package to return?"
2573,I bought this to replace my desktop. I generally am only typing reports however I do play games from time to time with it and I will say it performs really well. I have no complaints
2574,"I previously purchased a refurbished iPad and it looked as good as new, no scratches, no dents, everything ran great. I decided to purchase another iPad for my daughter and it had a deep scratch on the screen, I returned it, then placed a second order. The second iPad had deep scratches and sticker residue on the back but the front screen seemed ok. It’s a hit or miss. I don’t have time to be mailing the item back and forth. You’re rolling the dice with these iPads. They’re SELLER refurbished quality, definitely not factory refurbished quality which would probably hold a higher standard."
2575,"I recently ordered five “renewed” iPad Air 2 tablets through Amazon.  The Air 2 was, and still is, one of the best iPad designs.  So good, in fact, that the first iPad Pro 9.7 (2018) was really just an updated Air 2 and shared the same thin construction, laminated 9.7-inch Retina display, and overall size.  The Air 2 has supported seven iOS updates and currently runs the latest iPadOS 14 –talk about longevity.  Over 2 million iPad Air 2 models were sold during its two year production that ended in early 2017. Since you can no longer buy a new Air 2, the only option is used/refurbished.  Apple devices like the iPad are remarkably durable and buying refurbished is a great way to find a ""like new"" device that will last you many years to come.  It's a good value, too: When the Air 2 was originally released, the models ranged from $500-$700.  A few years later, you can buy the same models renewed for $200-$300 --a great deal for a device that's still state-of-the-art. There's no shortage of vendors for renewed/refurbished iPads but one thing is clear:  “Renewed, like new” is a broad term that covers everything from near-mint condition to laughingly-damaged devices.  Some vendors are better, others are worse, none will be perfect.  Here’s my experience shopping over the past month: Vendor #1:  All Out Apple I purchased two iPad Air 2’s from this seller, one 32GB and one 64GB.  Both arrived in good condition, packaged safely, and they work fine.  The cosmetic defects are OK --a few light scratches and discoloration on the back of the case on one and a few nicks and shallow dent on the back of the other.  When held at “arm’s length” per Amazon's criteria the issues are not that visible.  The display/touchscreenS are fine.  The batteries in each last the normal 8 or so hours under typical use. The vendor includes a decent 2.4A (12W) USB charger and cable with each device similar to the original iPad charger for fast charging times.  Vendor #2:  Platinum Deals[UPDATED 3/6/21:  I purchased four iPad Air 2’s from this seller, three 32GB and one 64GB.  One of the 32GB arrived in close to ""like new"" condition.  The cosmetic defects were minimal, however, after two weeks use, I noticed that a portion of the display backlight would flicker when set to the lowest brightness setting --the sign of a failing LED in the backlight.  I returned this iPad for another from same seller and the replacement works fine so far.  However, the cosmetic condition of the replacement is not as good as the first one since there are noticeable blemishes all the way around the aluminum bezel and there are a couple light scratches on the surface of the display glass.]  The other two iPads were, unfortunately, a totally different story:  each one was delivered literally bent in the middle --not dented but actually deformed, as in the device was not flat!  This had nothing to do with shipping since the devices were well-packed and the boxes were undamaged.  The deformation on each device distorted the display glass and it was easy to see the permanent distortion when viewing along the edge of the device.  On one iPad, the deformation was severe enough to cause backlight distortion that showed up as bright spots along the edge of the LCD (see photos).  The fact that the refurbisher considered these two bent iPads to be ""renewed, like new"" is both hilarious and sad.  Of course, both of the bent iPads went right back in their boxes for return to Amazon (I put a bright yellow post-it on each one to hopefully warn whoever inspects the returned devices not to turn around and sell them again.)  This vendor also included different USB chargers (either 8W or 12W USB-A or, incorrectly, one of them was USB-C) and cable with each device so they are not consistent --the 12W charger is the correct one for faster charging times.  I do give the vendor credit for immediately sending me the correct charger to replace the wrong USB-C charger delivered with one of the Air 2 units.ADVICE:  So, my advice is to inspect your ""renewed"" iPad carefully since the vendors are not consistent in the overall condition of what they'll send you.  The iPad Air 2, in particular, is remarkably thin and perhaps more prone to getting bent if mishandled during its life --perhaps explaining why bent ones find their way to a refurbisher in the first place.  The Air 2 has a wide tolerance for being bent and still work without a problem. However, it's quite clear that ""like new"" may not necessarily mean ""not bent"" for the ultra-thin Air 2 so use the 90-day Amazon Renewed Guarantee wisely to make sure your renewed device meets a reasonable definition of ""like new"" upon receipt.Overall, I'm happy with the two renewed iPads I decided to keep (32GB models, one from each vendor listed above).  I'm not sure that any one vendor does a better job in selecting ""like new"" iPads but clearly, one of the above did not have an issue sending two bent iPads.Finally, be aware that the 90-day Amazon Renewed Guarantee says you'll get a full refund if not satisfied, however, some of the refurb vendors claim to charge return shipping and restocking fees.  The Amazon Renewed policy is not clear about this so if you're charged fees for the return then you should contact Amazon to have them correct it."
2576,I bought this item as a Christmas gift and received it very prompt but there was a problem . i didn't bother to check the iPad which was a major mistake. they opened it on christmas and it wouldn't turn on. The iPad would not hold a charge it would charge enough to turn on and then turn back off bc of low battery. Amazon was very helpful and help me through the return process to receive my funds.
2577,"This was used, didn't look refurbished. Heavy scratches on the back side by the power plug and it came with generic power cord (although it was a new cord)... front button was dirty, I had to wipe it down! (GROSS)Apparently no one ""factory refurbished it"" because it was not factory reset and it was still set to Spanish language and it was in the previous owners name!!! (I had access to their information!)  It took me some time and searching the internet to figure how to put it in English language so I could reset it to factory to start over.Then, I had to plug it into ITUNES to set it up in my name, it wouldn't set it up as a new device.and finally, the screen went all grainy and I had to restart to recover it. So it was returned for a refund.I wrote the seller about it but received NO response. I would buy elsewhere if I had to do it again!I usually don't have an issue with refurbished gear but this one was a bad experience.Id pass on this seller and if possible, buy NEW!"
2578,"""Certified Refurbished"" on Amazon is practically meaningless. There are no rigorous standards that the company is expected to comply with. I don't know about you, but I expect a ""certified refurbished"" iPad to last longer than a 90 day warranty. Mine did not. It stopped being able to charge one month after the warranty ended, and is now worth nothing. Not even a few bucks for a trade-in. I've had it looked at by technicians, so I'm sure it's dead. My iPad was in a nice leather case, treated very carefully, never got dirty, never was dropped, no liquids, no extreme temperatures, nothing. It still looks brand new. This was just a defective product with a ticking time bomb. Don't be tempted by the ""certified refurbished"" label. It is not the same as a manufacturer's certification, which typically does have rigorous standards and solid warranties. (My first review was denied for going into more detail here, but you can do your own research.) Do yourself a favor and stay away from these products."
2579,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   The screen is felling apart, and the back of the iPad is not even flat, it’s like something had not been installed properly inside. This is not a renewed or used product, it’s a damaged iPad with a third party low quality screen replacement."
2580,"Device had a minor scratch on the back, no problem right? So I thought, until after about two hours of using the iPad, the digitizer (the touch sensor) became completely unresponsive. Cannot trust this certified refurbished product. Going to Apple, same price much higher quality refurbished products! I dabbled in the third-party area, and I got burnt!"
2581,"Purchased the 64gb gold one. Fired it up and immediately had a battery issue. Hardware related, no fault of the battery itself. Emailed the retailer and within 6 hours received a response and after giving my order number, got a shipping label, and item is on way back for refund. In the meantime I purchased another one to replace it, and this unit has been flawless so far. No scratches on either one, had no issues updating it, or anything else so far. I will update this if I have an issue with getting the refund on the first one. Would I purchase again? So far, yes."
2582,"iPAD was supposedly certified as refurbished; however, it was NOT.  I was brand new to Apple products when I bought this device and really did not know much about navigating my way around. I also made the mistake of taking too long to put the Air 2 through its paces, and as usual, life got in the way.  When I finally did start trying to use it, I found all kinds of problems with it--it won't return HOME when you push the Home key; it won't load apps; it won't accept  a fingerprint ID, etc. I thought at first it was me, but I asked an experienced user to try it and he found the same problems.  The refurbisher (Kanga Electronics) would NOT do anything about it, claiming it was past the warranty (I think it was about 6-9 months old at the time).  They wouldn't even offer to try to fix it!  They give new meaning to the phrase: ""Let the Buyer beware"".  The iPAD cost WAY TOO MUCH for this kind of treatment and you can bet I will NEVER buy anything else from these people, refurbished or new.  What a rip-off this was!!"
2583,"I was amazed that I got it the next day.That amazement faded fast when I picked up the box and heard the iPad rattling around inside.Sure enough, it was DOA.After contacting support and trying different things to get the power on, it was agreed it was a goner. And, the return was approved.Even before I printed out the label I ordered another. Shucks, it's going to take 4 days to get it. Oh well, maybe it will be packaged better.I'll be sure to post about it as soon as I see if it will power up"
2584,"Ordered and this arrived within 4 days. Laptop is basically brand new so overall I'm impressed. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because there is a very small tad bit of wear on the edge on the keyboard. No one would ever notice unless you tried hard to look at it.Spec's were as advertised (8GB RAM, 256 SSD, i5). Screen quality is amazing, Glossy and clean. Keyboard is in brand new condition.I will say I am impressed with how they packaged the product, knowing it's a refurbished device. It came in an authentic Microsoft box."
2585,"Love how nicely it syncs up with my android/Google products. It's fast, light, and a good battery life. I am not an expert on laptops, but needed something reliable that I could stream movies on, and have good video for long distance chats. Love the metal, and I got a plastic sticky cover because I was worried my hands would stain the fabric. So far, it's performed excellent."
2586,"The computer is great. Graphics are good, touch screen is awesome, the keyboard is lit, but when I received my laptop the charger was broken then a week later the touch pad was jammed. I’m not an aggressive clicker so how it jammed is beyond me. But this review isn’t so much for the laptop cause it’s a great laptop but mainly for the company. They were so understanding when I contacted them and they gave me a full refund. They had great customer service. Again the computer is great. I just probably got that one bad one in the batch. I would recommend this computer and company If your looking for a surface!"
2587,Bought the black version of the Surface Laptop 2 and was thoroughly impressed with the condition as being new.I ran a battery test after running the plethora of Windows updates and the battery was new!Sometimes with used or refurbs this is where things can slide a but not in this case. Definitely passed all Microsoft Certified Ref specs.Highly recommended. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend buying this way for a nice discount.
2588,had this not even two weeks and the laptop wouldn't charge and then I was surprise to see a crack on my screen after I closed my laptop and open it and then Microsoft expect you to pay for the damage cause by them building a shirt product. and they have a history of these things having issues. do your self a favor and spend the extra cash for an I mac or a dell and this coming from someone who been buying Microsoft product for year even when they had the zune
2589,"Pros.1. Fast shipping.2. No cosmetic damage.3. Very nice/beautiful laptop for the price.BUT!Cons.1. As soon as I opened up the laptop I realized the touch screen did not work.2. Went to check if it needed updates, over 20 of them! Took about 1-2 hours to get everything updated. The computer got very hot.3. Touchscreen still was not working. Contacted Microsoft support and walked through a lot of trouble shooting steps, first found out this laptop had a very OLD windows version, so had to update this. And then took more trouble shooting steps since the touch screen was still NOT working. Microsoft stated it was a hardware issue, I am working with MICROSOFT TO GET THIS RESOLVED. I bought a previous laptop (same brand) smaller 12.4 inch before this one and that laptop was just as bad as this one.Overall, I do not recommend this seller nor there products."
2590,"Quality is great! Can't tell it's been refurbished. It's the 13.5in. Small and very light! Love it. Touch screen works great, color is great, and functionality is great. The sound surprised me... it can get quite loud. The only downfall is that it doesn't have a memory card slot. I thought it had one but that was for the charger. Would recommend though."
2591,This is a great laptop! I bought it for college and it works great! There is a lot of space for downloading and submitting assignments. It is really nice and I love the fabric on the inside and the lit-up keyboard. Another great quality is the sound that comes from under the keyboard! I love this laptop.
2592,"I, like so many other on here, had some reservations about going with a refurbished laptop. I decided to try this one out, as the dealer had a lot of surprisingly good reviews. I’m sure glad I did! The computer came in original box, and the machine itself looks brand new; no dings, scratches, or chips and it was clean as a whistle. The start-up was quick and streamlined and so far the item functions perfectly. Only drawback was that I thought the surface laptop 2 had a removable screen and it appears I was incorrect. That was a research error on my part however. Digital drawing programs still appear to work great and the surface pen operates flawlessly with this laptop. I’m really looking forward to using this laptop for school and art!"
2593,"I over trusted a renewed item. I have one Surface Laptop 2 so that I want to buy the same one which is enough in use. Even it is end of life in MS Store, I guess it should be still in sale somewhere but it is trerrible. I got one but on the first day I received the product, the Touch Screen was totally missing. Windows told me that the device does not support Touch nor Pen so I requested a replacement order. Even the second one Windows detected the Touch and Pen function, the Touch Screen function is not stable. The screen keeps being touched even I have not touched it..."
2594,"Haven’t worked with the computer that much so far however,  I would not recommend working with this particular vendor. I specifically was looking for a computer without the S mode and it was NOT noted in the description while other Amazon vendors did note it in their descriptions. had I known that I would not have purchased it because The computer keeps trying to get you to work with Microsoft applications…even if you switch out of S mode. all the Vendor does is send you YouTube videos to show you that you can switch out of S mode which I did but the computer still  tries to get you to switch back to Microsoft apps at least for the small time that I’ve been working with it for my use at least . And I did do it correctly . for example if you switch to Google Chrome it still wants you to switch back to Microsoft edge even if you switch out of it. there’s no communication other than a link to a YouTube site to resolve the problem bottom line it was deceptive to not say that it was an S mode computer and then not resolve the problem."
2595,"This is such good quality! I totally didn’t think it was going to be touch screen, but it is. It’s fast and has intel core7. This was a MUCH NEEDED upgrade for my work and business. I’m so excited!"
2596,"I have it for a 2 weeks now, so far it is work perfect. Look good."
2597,Like it just its not installed with licensed office. So i have to find new one and install them. Small issue
2598,"Va acorde a las caracteristicas especificadas, muy rapida y por un precio razonable"
2599,"En general es buena pero me sigue molestando demasiado el malisimo mousepad que tiene. Tienes que aplanar demasiado para que se mueva el puntero. En ratos ni así. En la laptop que tenía antes era como deslizar te sobre mantequilla, incluso a veces ni siquiera llegaba a tocar el pad, era genial.El de la ASUS me estresa demasiado y voy a tener que comprar un mouse, cosa que yo no quería porque al final es estorboso e impractico. Pará el precio esperaría un mejor mousepad la verdad."
2600,"The computer looks fine but the AC adapter I was given with this product is incompatible with an Australian wall socket. Its misleading how the product information page doesn't stipulate the compatibility of this AC adapter with other countries .There is also NO option to swap this adapter for one that is compatible with an Australian wall socket. The only options I have available is to purchase a universal adapter or return this product for a full refund. This is a joke I've never had this problem in my life, absolutely ridiculous if I could give a 0 I would."
2601,"Como siempre, un gran producto de Asus. No se calienta, es muy rápida y muy ligera. Quizá su único punto débil es el sonido (podría ser más potente), pero no es una gran debilidad."
2602,Muy buen precio para las características de la laptop. Tiene todo y es muy ligera.
2603,Después de 2 meses de uso sin golpes ni mojarla tiene una mancha negra en la pantalla y nadie se quiere hacer responsable FATAL!!
2604,I like this computer.  It didn't take too long to set it up with my files and passwords.
2605,Lo utilice para regalar
2606,"Una lap ágil y poderosa para las tareas del día a día, no se agacha y fácil de configurar"
2607,Los ventiladores suenan bastante y se calienta un poco. Pero el rendimiento es excelente
2608,"Aside from the shipping issue I had that came straight from Amazon, the laptop was pretty good. The only issue was the screen had a yellow tint. I tried all (literally) the troubleshooting available on the internet and also contacting Asus for help. In the end they said it was defective. I sent it back. It's pointless to buy a laptop with an OLED screen if it's bad quality. I'm having another one sent so I'll update this review when I get the next one. It would be 5 stars if it wasn't for the screen issue.BTWSpec:1135 CPU12 GB RamIn cased you were confused by the description.Update:Received the 2nd one. It has the same issue. Asus said it may be due to the Asus Splendid software. That software can't be uninstalled. Unistalling all the Asus software didn't fix it. Neither did installing a fresh Windows 10 directly from Microsoft that didn't have the Asus software. I'll be returnung the 2nd one and getting a refund."
2609,"This zippy laptop has a great screen, nice keyboard/trackpad, good battery, lightweight, plenty of RAM and storage -- an excellent budget 15.6 inch laptop.  This is a RECOMMEND -- especially if it's on sale.But it has two shortcomings worth knowing --1.  I wouldn't recommend this for someone who moves around with their laptop 24 hours a day.  I'm not saying it's flimsy but it's also not 'tough' like a business laptop.  But since I'll typically be using it in my home it's very nice for the price.2.  The real problem (which can be easily fixed by you) is super WEIRD.  I've purchased two of these.  The first one had the issue, I returned it, but then the second one had it too.Believe it or not:  installing Google Chrome can make the OLED screen fail.  (See picture.)I know this because I accidentally noticed the screen 'failed' when I installed Chrome on the first one.  I observed this anecdotally, not actually blaming Chrome.  So I returned that laptop, ordered a 2nd one, and that screen crashed PRECISELY when I installed Google Chrome.That is evidence that it's a software problem, not the OLED.  So I Googled 'Chrome breaks my Asus laptop screen' and Asus offers you advice on how to turn off 'hardware acceleration'.(It's easy, anyone can do it.  Go here -- rb.gy/riuezq)  It also claims this same issue can be triggered by their own Edge browser and by Microsoft Office.  Turn off hardware acceleration and you're all set.  I'm going to 'test' this unit to make sure it's fixed but it sure seems so.  (I told you it was weird.)I suspect others are not reporting this (yet) because they haven't updated to Windows 11 yet, which this unit can do."
2610,"Description says ""ASUS ZenBook Pro Duo 15 OLED UX582 Laptop, 15.6” OLED FHD Touch Display, Intel Core i9-11900H, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GeForce RTX 3060, ScreenPad Plus, Windows 11 Pro, Celestial Blue, UX582HM-XH96T"" when it is really a ""Asus Vivobook 15"".  False advertising and a waste of my time.  Do not open the Asus box as you will not be able to return.  Wanted to give Asus another try but after this experience I will not."
2611,"I just bought this computer with the i5 11th generation processor and 12 GB of RAM. I was aiming for an i7 / 16 GB but there was a 200 dollars difference between both and I settled for this on a Black Friday special a little below the 700 dollars mark. After using it for 3 weeks and upgrading to Windows 11, I have sufficient evidence to give you my pros and cons along with my final verdict:Pros:- Zippy in spite of the lower processor power and RAM initially sought. I have not had an instance where I have felt that the laptop needed additional power. Note: i am not a gamer, so I have used Photoshop, illustrator, Music and movies, and Office. I have kept several windows open and it kept going with no issues.- Screen. Never had an OLED before and I was blown away by the vivid colors and contrast. I even had a 4K laptop before and it is not even comparable to this one. Big points for Asus Vivobook here.- Beautiful design. It is very lightbut it does not feel flimsy at all. You need to be careful with it though as it can easily get damaged but if you are careful, it will stand out with the dark gray color, and its shape.- With the 512 GB SSD, it turns on and wakes up really fast. This is normal for this kind of hard drive.- Keys are properly spaced and easy to type in. The keyboard is lighted.CONS:- Ports are not remarkable. The USB-C cannot charge, it is only for data transmission.- It has 2 USB 2.0 and 1 USB 3.0 ports. Not a good combination.- The back cover cannot be easily disassembled to upgrade its memory.- Battery life is subpar. No more than 4 hours even with the powersaving mode on.- No touch screen.VERDICT: For the price, I am happy with the purchase. I think that the OLED screen is the feature that makes it stand out above the rest on that price range.I just scored it with 4 stars for the ports configuration and lack of functionality."
2612,"My initial impression is that it feels a bit fragile. It is light, and the display looks pretty good so far but I wish it was larger. It boots fairly quickly, but otherwise seems to be underpowered. Reading/searching an external drive on the USB 3 ports was painfully slow at times. For some reason the cursor often moves on its own and clicks often have to be repeated 2 or 3 times. The first few hours with it have been very frustrating for those reasons. Less features and connectivity than any other laptop I have owned, but also cheaper. I am hopefully receiving a warranty extension from ASUS for this feedback. I may update it after more experience with it."
2613,"Probably the cheapest oled laptop available got for $689 during Black Friday. Still great value at 799. For $1100 can get i7 with 16gb and nvidia graphics card. The intel iris graphics card has only 1gb memory on board. My 10 year old Sony has that much. So this is the biggest negative for this laptop, an incredible oled screen with an dismal graphics card. Thus the ram is used more and with 12gb, it took up about 7gb when running a 4K video. There are no description of what ram there is so I had to open it to see. There is one slot with 4gb that is replaceable with 260 pin. The other 8gb must be soldered in. I will see if it takes a 16gb memory card.Update ram info installed 16gb from silicon power"
2614,Received this laptop day after cyber Monday. The colors on the screen are amazing. I do not see any of the “yellow screen color “ issues that people have complained about. I am very impressed with this laptop so far. Well worth the $$. Also since I bought it on cyber Monday. Also got a great deal on the price. Very satisfied customer.
2615,"ASUS K513E. I wish the title wasn't completely off, because this is a great laptop for the price. I read the product description and decided to buy even though the title was off, this discrepancy is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars, definitely search up the model number to get the specs from an independent site.No indicator for NumLock but there is one for CAPS and battery chargingSpeakers on the bottom but audio is still clear and loud enough.Glossy screen, rich colour, if you are going to use outdoors or anywhere with a lot of background lights you might want to go non-glossy. Fingerprints galore on the outside though and it's not wiping off easily, but I'm using this strictly at home anyway. Lid doesn't go as far back as I thoughtQuite thin,  solid build, satisfied with purchase. VERY thrilled that ASUS touch pad continues to be top notch in feel/response/control.Would even pay a bit more to get the laptop actually described in the title."
2616,"Item description stated a ""ASUS ZenBook Pro Duo 15 OLED UX582 Laptop, 15.6” OLED FHD Touch Display, Intel Core i9-11900H, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, GeForce RTX 3060, ScreenPad Plus, Windows 11 Pro, Celestial Blue, UX582HM-XH96T.""I received a Asus VivoBook. Disappointing and a hassle to return."
2617,It says an Intel i5-1135G7 but in the description it says it has a Intel Core i7-1165G7 Processor and in the question and answer form the ASUS manufacturer says it is an Intel Core i7-1165G7. but as it turns out it is an i5
2618,I like this computer.  It didn't take too long to set it up with my files and passwords.
2619,Lo utilice para regalar
2620,"Una lap ágil y poderosa para las tareas del día a día, no se agacha y fácil de configurar"
2621,Good
2622,Works great
2623,Los ventiladores suenan bastante y se calienta un poco. Pero el rendimiento es excelente
2624,Arrived on time and my wife loves her new Dell. Just what she needed.
2625,New Dell laptop would not hold charge and  company would not issue full refund when returned within 10 days to seller. Would not recommend purchases from Chief Computers-a jobber for computers. Not a reliable company.
2626,"Boots from cold off to on in ~5 seconds!Excellent gaming performance via STEAM CS:GOFans spool up to a loud state while gaming to keep GPU & CPU coolSystem opens via normal Philips 000 screws of the bottom plate, exposing the logic board & 45 WH lipo batteryOnce inside the machine you will find an extra space for a second M.2 NVMe drive, a second RAM slot open for upgrading easily & even a full SSD slot for adding an SSD to the machine!Excellent 17inch 144hz screen dims nicely & has many color modes including low blue night modesSound most excellent from two vibration isolated (rubber grommet mount) speakers inside that produce excellent volumes levels & surprising base output for their size & design, utilizing some kind of volume optimized acoustically tuned housing to enhance the speakers output & dynamic range.Power brick gets really warm when system running full playing video gamesBuild quality seems really good, including the heatpipe to heatsink fin cooling system on the left & right rear that blows hot air out the back of the unit near the base of where the display connects to the keyboard case. Air even sucked in from the keyboard in gaming specific zones to keep your fingers cool & dry while playing Esports etcValue most excellent given combo of hardware & build quality for $850 that's hard to beat in early 2021Battery life unsurprisingly mediocre given the 11.4v 4050mah 3S lipo inside the unit, seems like about 3.5-4 hours just browsing the web in Edge, or about 1 hours on battery when playing CS:GO with low settings //I really like the user upgradable design that's easy to open for cleaning or upgrading with simple basic tools nearly everyone has, a 00 or 000 Philips + style screw driver // only 1 corner screw shorter than all the others which are the same length! Thank you Asus!Comes with easy to remove bloatware & the factor M.2 drive really fast with file transfers.Wireless network performance exceptionally fast & low latency! Maxes out potential of my Comcast Xfinity serviceVery light weight or low mass of about 5 lbs which is really amazing given size of the display, making it easily portable & lighter to move around for excellent ergonomics.A full keyboard with number pad makes the IO a pleasure, though your going to want to use a mouse for gaming, since gaming with the touchpad not ideal for fast pace games //"
2627,"The media could not be loaded.
                




   IT has been my livelihood for more than 30 years. I built many of my own computers. My current custom water-cooled Tower is in storage as I'm in the middle of a move.I needed a semi-decently powered laptop to use while my RIG is stored away. This Asus TUF laptop caught my attention for being decently powered but not breaking the bank. When first received I was pleasantly surprised. Speed, nice sized screen. I updated all the drivers needing so as well as patched the OS.The issue starts as soon as I play any MP4 video using any player be it the built in Media player or using VLC the 1650 Ti GPU takes a crap. Video goes all awry. I've attached a video to show this. I'm not going to be dealing with a BRAND NEW laptop having video issues right out of the box. It's going back."
2628,"5 star, if you want it for gaming, get it, i use it to play World of Warcraft: Shadowlands.It runs everything at high performance and does not get heat up.If you are a gamer, get one"
2629,"Reading the reviews for this PC, I was expecting this laptop to sound like it's about to take off at mach 5, but it's really not that loud compared to a struggling older PC or an original PS4 pro whose fan is overworked on newer games. Sure it's not quiet by any means, but not nearly as distracting as I anticipated. Performs well but does get pretty warm during intensive gaming even with an additional cooling pad underneath, so definitely get one of those. The weirdest thing is that when you plug or unplug your charger, the screen goes black for a couple of seconds, presumably due to switching power settings. Shouldn't be an issue during gaming sessions however as of course you should have it plugged in for performance anyway, but something to be wary of if your charger cable ever starts to go out. Internal memory isn't huge so I did buy an additional 4TB SSD, which installed smoothly. Runs FFXIV without issues and scored an extremely high on the Shadowbringers benchmark and a very high on the Endwalker benchmark, so should be good for MMO gaming for another couple of years without upgrades."
2630,"Well, partially it’s my fault. I wanted to skimp out on paying for full price and this is what I got. A laptop that works fine.. if it werent for a non working screen. I got it for 732$ for an almost new product—it should be perfect; but with missing packaging. It’s fine for me, i thought. I couldnt be more wrong.Shipping took forever. 3 days before they ship it out. Arrived after a week and a half.As soon as i pressed the power button, the leds would turn on, as well as the keyboard would have the lights, but no display. Just a black display of nothingness.I was so furious when it did that. I had to call Asus support and they told me to send it back. Which in no way in hell i would do because i aint paying for shipping for a defective product. I called amazon and they said they’ll refund it. Bought myself a brand new acer nitro instead. Now im scared if that laptop would be defective too."
2631,"First, let me say that I have the version with the 1650Ti, not the 3050. Mine also includes the Webcam, full RGB keyboard, and num pad. There is a slim version that does not have this.Now, I bought this laptop to replace my old daily driver that had a 1050. This laptop is miles better than that one in terms of image quality, GPU power, screen refresh, and sound.I've been using this laptop daily since I bought it. I added a 1TB SSD for storage, upgraded the RAM from the included 8GB to 32GB, and dropped the refresh rate to 60Hz to help battery life (which I will get to later).As far as this goes as a gaming laptop, I've been able to run everything I've thrown at it at max settings. Fallout 76 runs at a solid 48fps (its capped there for some strange reason) at max settings. Gears 5 runs at 60fps (again, capped) on max settings even with all the environment and snow particles. With the IPS display, these games look super good. Huge upgrade to my previous laptops TN display. The colors are absolutely crisp and deep.The sound quality is decent. It's not studio music quality, but it's definitely decent enough for gaming without any noticeable clipping issues. I'm able to discern bass, mid, and treble without a lot of muddiness. Obviously, it's not perfect as they are laptop speakers, but given that restriction, I'd say it does very well.Now, the only complaint I have is the battery life. It's nowhere near the advertised. My old laptop with adjusted settings reached 6-7 hours. This one with the same settings reaches only MAYBE 2. If you're playing a game, you'll be lucky to hit an hour. This is not a laptop to play on battery. The higher the graphic quality and the higher you keep the refresh rate (like the native 144hz) the worse it'll be. Even with dropping the refresh to 60 and playing a game that doesn't require the 1650Ti, it still only will last about an hour. Watching videos is longer, but that's still about 2 hours, give or take.Overall a good purchase provided you want it plugged in most of the time."
2632,"No issues so far, great laptop for the price. The larger screen I love; I did do an upgrade to 16GB DDR4 and added 1T secondary m2, still have room for a standard SSD if I want.The upgrade wasn't a required upgrade just something I did to make it a bit more future proof and expand so I could also use it for work.Even with the upgrade the price is below 1100.00 for a very capable Gaming machine.Playing Fallout 4 before the upgrade I was using Ultimate settings and it never slowed down or stuttered.You do sometimes notice the fans spin a bit faster but that's to be expected. It doesn't get hot that I have found, it's heavy but again to be expected; it's built to be tough, to take the bumps and bangs a laptop gets and keep on going.Looks great to, I do notice some fingerprints/palmprints leaving marks but a quick wipe-down removes them."
2633,"I had the Asus 750 before that for which I paid around $1250 and after 7 years began to show its age - albeit still very useable. Thinking  needed to spend that amount again or even more, my local computer guy recommended the F17, voicing several very distinct features which this had, over my old one.One of them was that the weight and thickness were 50% of my old one.Once I had bought a 1TB SSD, double the memory, exterior DVD player/burner and a few other small accessories, the final bill - after configuration by my computer guy- was under $1250.I have various design programs on it in 2D and 3D, along with tons of high res photos. The F17 has plenty of oomph to digest everything. It starts up in the blink of an eye.This laptop is worth every Dollar and you'd be very silly indeed to pass this over as a first or replacement."
2634,"I do not use this computer for gaming. I only use it for trading stocks, watching YouTube videos and occasionally browsing and uploading movies. The battery life is horrible! As for the sound…. I watch a lot of YouTube videos about stocks. The sound is VERY low. I have all sound cranked up to 100 and it’s STILL low! I would say this is NOT good for gamers. I would not buy this if you are looking for long battery life and loud speakers. The fan is also quite loud."
2635,"So I got this to play FF14 while I travel and am away from my actual gaming PC, and this does the job perfectly. It's just generally a really capable laptop -- handles streaming, gaming, did some remote work and calls on it np, etc.I love how lightweight and quiet it is.There was only one initial problem I had with it which would have been a deal breaker if there hadn't been such an easy solution -- while I was waiting in that 4k+ q that's the current reality (as of the EW expac), this pc's fans started going haywire.. SOOO loud, heated up, unacceptable. To fix: simply adjust your maximum power state. Docking it a mere 2% will stop it from making any insane noises and return it to the silent, smooth state it runs in when doing everything else (only had the problem when running games, but again super easy fix.  (if you don't know how to adjust this or what that means this is how you fix: Right click your lil battery icon, hit power options, next to the ""ASUS Recommended"" power plan click ""change plan settings"", ""change advanced power settings"", ""processor power management"", ""maximum power state"" -- reduce this from 100% to 98%. Problem solved, resume quiet, beautiful laptop fun)."
